(S'http://catalog.unt.edu/content.php?catoid=13&navoid=965'
p1
V   College of Engineering - University of North Texas - Acalog ACMS\u2122                       Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.  Different browsers use different keystrokes to activate accesskey shortcuts. Please reference the following list to use access keys on your system.  Alt and the accesskey, for Internet Explorer on Windows Shift and Alt and the accesskey, for Firefox on Windows Shift and Esc and the accesskey, for Windows or Mac Ctrl and the accesskey, for the following browsers on a Mac: Internet Explorer 5.2, Safari 1.2, Firefox, Mozilla, Netscape 6+.  We use the following access keys on our gateway  n Skip to Navigation k Accesskeys description h Help                                                                      Search the UNT web site:              Search the UNT web site  Search the UNT web site:      En Español   MyUNT   EagleConnect   Blackboard   People   Maps   Calendars   Apply Now                                                                        Visit Us                        University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277                             Denton, Texas 76203-5017 [map] | Tour Information                                Email Us                         Freshmen admissions   Transfer admissions   Graduate admissions   International admissions   Housing information                                 Contact Us                        940-565-2000 University Directory   For questions about content in this web site, contact catalog@unt.edu.            Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home                                University of North Texas                 May 06, 2017         2015-2016 Undergraduate Catalog        2017-2018 Undergraduate Catalog 2016-2017 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2016-2017 Graduate Catalog 2015-2016 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2015-2016 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]                                                       Catalog Search   Select an option Courses Programs Academic Units Other Content Entire Catalog     Whole Word/Phrase Advanced Search                Catalog Home       Majors, minors, certificates    Course descriptions        The university    2015-2016 Academic calendar    Admission    Academics    University Core Curriculum    Enrollment    Financial information    Campus resources    Policies    Contacts at UNT        Degree programs listed by academic unit        Honors College    College of Arts and Sciences    College of Business    College of Education    College of Engineering    College of Information    Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism    College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism    College of Music    College of Public Affairs and Community Service    College of Visual Arts and Design    Toulouse Graduate School        Administration, faculty and librarians        Accrediting institutions        Campus maps    Request information or schedule a tour    Archived catalogs 1995-96 to 2010-11    Catalog .pdf        TCCNS chart                 My Catalog                  HELP 2015-2016 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]           College of Engineering          Print-Friendly Page Add to My Catalog             Dean's Office Discovery Park, Room A140 Mailing address: 1155 Union Circle #310440 Denton, TX 76203-5017 940-565-4300 Undergraduate Academic Advising Discovery Park, Room C104 940-565-4201 Web site: engineering.unt.edu Costas Tsatsoulis, Dean Vijay Vaidyanathan, Associate Dean Kuruvilla John, Associate Dean   Engineering is the application of science and mathematics to the solution of relevant societal needs and problems. The current standard of living is due in large part to efforts of engineers and technologists. Technological development has created a demand for qualified engineers and technologists who maintain the momentum of innovation and who extend and direct its course. The expanding population, with its increased demand for goods and services, has imposed challenges to provide a diversity of new and better products with minimized adverse side effects. Engineers and technologists recognize that long-term solutions are found in careful, thorough planning and study. The University of North Texas College of Engineering strives to educate and train engineers and technologists who have the vision to recognize and solve the problems of society. The College of Engineering comprises six degree-granting departments of instruction and research. The Department of Biomedical Engineering, the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, the Department of Electrical Engineering, the Department of Engineering Technology, the Department of Materials Science and Engineering, and the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering offer programs of study and research leading to bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees; some offer programs in one or more majors. Undergraduate programs include biomedical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, construction engineering technology, electrical engineering, electrical engineering technology, information technology, materials science and engineering, mechanical and energy engineering, and mechanical engineering technology. Most of the programs in the College of Engineering are accredited by ABET (111 Market Place, Suite 1050, Baltimore, MD 21202; 410-347-7700). Each program provides some flexibility through elective course opportunities to permit program individualism while meeting basic requirements. Mission The mission of the UNT College of Engineering is to capitalize on the opportunity for innovation and excellence in teaching, research and service. This will be achieved by a strategic alliance among all of the college's constituencies in the region, the state of Texas and the nation. The constituencies involved include foremost our undergraduate and graduate students as well as academic units and industry, particularly in North Texas, so as to foster economic development and promote an academically diverse environment. Vision The vision of the College of Engineering is to have the highest quality and most innovative teaching and research programs in North Texas and beyond:  in strategically selected areas of engineering and computer science that service the community, industry, and the profession; in an intellectually stimulating and diverse environment; and in support of industry and economic development.  College of Engineering admissions requirements Admission to the College of Engineering is contingent on clear admission to the university. Freshman applicants will be admitted to the College of Engineering in an Engineering program if:  they were in the top 25% of their graduating class and have a math SAT score of 570 or better and a total SAT score of 1070 or better; or a math ACT score of 23 or better and a cumulative ACT score of 23 or better. they were in the top 50% of their graduating class or have no graduating class ranking (home schooled, GED, international students, etc.) and have a math SAT score of 600 or better and a total SAT score of 1100 or better; or a math ACT score of 24 or better and a cumulative ACT score of 24 or better. they have a math SAT score of 630 or better and a total SAT score of 1180 or better; or a math ACT score of 26 or better and a cumulative ACT score of 26 or better.   Freshman applicants to Engineering Technology programs must have a math SAT score of 540 or better, or a math ACT score of 22 or better. Enrollment in mathematics classes for entering freshmen will be determined in accordance with criteria established by the Department of Mathematics. The UNT mathematics department web site lists links to preparation tests for the UNT math placement exam (www.math.unt.edu/academics/mathematics-placement). Transfer, international and post-baccalaureate (second bachelor's degree) applicants must be eligible to enroll in MATH 1710  (Calculus I) or in a higher-level math class. For applicants who do not meet the above requirements, admission will be granted on entry into MATH 1710  (Calculus) and good academic standing with a cumulative UNT grade point average of 2.0 or higher.  After admission criteria are met by the applicant, the student will be accepted as a major in his or her program of study. The student must adhere to the requirements below in order to be accepted as a full major and to be allowed to enroll in upper-division courses in the College of Engineering. College of Engineering foundations requirements and degree audit College of Engineering foundations requirements and degree audit.   Academic advising Information about academic matters is available from various sources within the College of Engineering. Undergraduate academic advising is available through the Dean's Office and in the major departments. Advisors assist students in the selection of courses and answer questions about selecting a major, degree audits, application of transfer credit, general academic requirements, and policies and procedures. While college faculty and staff members give students academic advice and assistance, each student is expected to take responsibility for his or her education and personal development. The student must know and abide by the academic and disciplinary policies given in the undergraduate catalog, including rules governing quantity of work, the standard of work required to continue in the university, academic probation and dismissal, and enforced withdrawal. The student must also know and meet the requirements of his or her degree program, including the university's core, and the College of Engineering foundation requirements; must enroll in courses appropriate to the program; must meet prerequisites and take courses in the proper sequence to ensure orderly and timely progress; and must seek advice from college advisors or faculty advisors in the major about degree requirements and other college and university policies when necessary. The student must also know and adhere to all college and university deadlines. All students are expected to be familiar with the following sources of information. Students will not be relieved of their responsibility to know the policies, deadlines and business practices of the university on the grounds that they were not told. If students have questions regarding these materials, it is the university's expectation that the student will consult his/her academic advisor for guidance and resolution. Policy on Academic Performance and Dismissal in the College of Engineering  Students in the College of Engineering will conduct themselves in a professional manner in their interaction with their peers, faculty, staff and the community in general. A student may be dismissed from the college for inappropriate conduct (please refer to the Code of Student Conduct). Each semester, students are required to take engineering foundation courses or prerequisites to the engineering foundation courses until all foundation courses are successfully completed. Successful completion is a 2.5 GPA for all engineering foundation courses with a C or better in each course. A minimum grade of C is required in all courses required in a student's major. A student making grades lower than C two times in the same course in any College of Engineering foundation course or in any course required by the major is subject to dismissal from the College of Engineering, pending a review by the Associate Dean for Undergraduate Studies in the College of Engineering. A student must maintain good academic standing within the university. Please see "Academic status" and "Regulations governing students under academic suspension" in the Academics section of this catalog.  NOTE: Students placed on academic suspension for a second time are eligible to apply for readmission to the College of Engineering after having not attended UNT for the prescribed period of time as outlined in "Regulations governing students under academic suspension" in the Academics section of this catalog. A student must petition the dean of the College of Engineering for reinstatement. If the petition for reinstatement is disapproved, a student may not file another petition until the following term. The decision of the office of the dean is final. A student who receives a third suspension will be dismissed indefinitely from the university, but will be dismissed permanently from the College of Engineering. Programs of Study The college offers the following undergraduate degrees:  Bachelor of Science with majors in biomedical engineering, computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, materials science and engineering, and mechanical and energy engineering; Bachelor of Science in Engineering Technology with majors in construction engineering technology, electrical engineering technology, and mechanical engineering technology; and Bachelor of Arts, with a major in information technology.  A concentration in manufacturing engineering technology is available under the major in mechanical engineering technology. Degree requirements and the University Core Curriculum Occasionally a course required for a degree may also satisfy a requirement of the University Core Curriculum. In addition to taking the required course, a student may elect to take a different course from among those available to fulfill that core requirement; doing so, however, may add to the total number of hours required for the degree. Students who have questions regarding degree requirements and core requirements should consult an academic advisor. Bachelor of Science degree requirements Candidates for the Bachelor of Science degree must satisfy all general requirements for the bachelor's degree listed in the Academics section of this catalog, and all engineering degree requirements as listed below.  Hours required for the degree: Completion of a minimum of 120\u2013128 total semester hours; 42\u201345 must be advanced, depending on the major. General university requirements: See "University Core Curriculum " in the Academics section of this catalog. College of Engineering foundations requirements: See "College of Engineering Foundations " in the College of Engineering section of this catalog for specific requirements and a list of approved courses. Only grades of A, B and C in foundations courses are accepted. See specific degree audit for exact requirements. Major requirements: A major of at least 24 semester hours; 12 hours of advanced work in the major must be completed at UNT. Only grades of A, B and C in major courses are accepted. See specific degree audit for exact requirements. Minor (optional): A minor is at least 18 hours, of which a minimum of 6 hours must be advanced, from a field outside the major. Minors are chosen with faculty advisors for selected majors. For some majors the minor is specified, but for most majors a minor field is optional. Consult major requirements. Electives: See specific degree audit for exact requirements. Other course requirements: Only grades of A, B and C in other required courses are accepted. Examples of other required courses include, but are not limited to, supporting area courses, technical elective courses, technical option courses, math and science courses, and specialization courses. See specific degree audit for exact requirements.  Bachelor of Arts degree requirements Candidates for the Bachelor of Arts degree must satisfy all general requirements for the bachelor's degree listed in the Academics section of this catalog, and all engineering degree requirements as listed below.  Hours required for the degree: Completion of a minimum of 121 semester hours; 42 must be advanced. General university requirements: See "University Core Curriculum " in the Academics section of this catalog. College of Engineering foundations requirements: See "College of Engineering Foundations " in the College of Engineering section of this catalog for specific requirements and a list of approved courses. Only grades of A, B and C in foundations courses are accepted. See specific degree audit for exact requirements. Major requirements: A major of at least 30 semester hours; 12 hours of advanced work in the major must be completed at UNT. Only grades of A, B and C in major courses are accepted. See specific degree audit for exact requirements. Minor (optional): A minor is at least 18 hours, of which a minimum of 6 hours must be advanced, from a field outside the major. Minors are chosen with faculty advisors for selected majors. For some majors the minor is specified, but for most majors a minor field is optional. Consult major requirements. Electives: See specific degree audit for exact requirements. Other course requirements: Only grades of A, B and C in other required courses are accepted. Examples of other required courses include, but are not limited to, supporting area courses, technical elective courses, technical option courses, math and science courses, and specialization courses. See specific degree audit for exact requirements.       Requirements  \u2022  College of Engineering foundations requirements and degree audit    Other Courses    Department of Biomedical Engineering  Go to information for Department of Biomedical Engineering.   Majors  \u2022  Biomedical Engineering, BS      Display courses for Department of Biomedical Engineering.  Other Courses    Department of Computer Science and Engineering  Go to information for Department of Computer Science and Engineering.   Majors  \u2022  Computer Engineering, BS \u2022  Computer Science, BS \u2022  Information Technology, BA   Grad Track Options  \u2022  Computer Engineering, BS with grad track option leading to Computer Engineering, MS \u2022  Computer Science, BS with grad track option leading to Computer Science, MS   Minors  \u2022  Computer Science and Engineering minor   Certificates  \u2022  Security certificate   Secondary Teacher Certification  \u2022  Computer Science teacher certification   Undergraduate Academic Certificates  \u2022  Game Programming certificate      Display courses for Department of Computer Science and Engineering.  Other Courses    Department of Electrical Engineering  Go to information for Department of Electrical Engineering.   Majors  \u2022  Electrical Engineering, BS   Grad Track Options  \u2022  Electrical Engineering, BS with grad track option leading to Electrical Engineering, MS   Dual Degrees  \u2022  Electrical Engineering, BS and Mathematics, BS   Minors  \u2022  Electrical Engineering minor      Display courses for Department of Electrical Engineering.  Other Courses    Department of Engineering Technology  Go to information for Department of Engineering Technology.   Majors  \u2022  Construction Engineering Technology, BSET \u2022  Electrical Engineering Technology, BSET \u2022  Mechanical Engineering Technology, BSET \u2022  Nuclear Engineering Technology, BSET (not currently accepting students)   Grad Track Options  \u2022  Construction Engineering Technology, BSET with grad track option leading to Engineering Technology, MS \u2022  Electrical Engineering Technology, BSET with grad track option leading to Engineering Technology, MS \u2022  Mechanical Engineering Technology, BSET with grad track option leading to Engineering Technology, MS   Minors  \u2022  General Engineering Technology minor      Display courses for Department of Engineering Technology.  Other Courses    Department of Materials Science and Engineering  Go to information for Department of Materials Science and Engineering.   Majors  \u2022  Materials Science and Engineering, BS   Grad Track Options  \u2022  Materials Science and Engineering, BS with grad track option leading to Materials Science and Engineering, MS   Minors  \u2022  Materials Science and Engineering minor      Display courses for Department of Materials Science and Engineering.  Other Courses    Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering  Go to information for Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering.   Majors  \u2022  Mechanical and Energy Engineering, BS   Grad Track Options  \u2022  Mechanical and Energy Engineering, BS with grad track option leading to Mechanical and Energy Engineering, MS   Certificates  \u2022  Energy Assessment of Buildings professional certificate      Display courses for Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering.  Other Courses        Back to Top | Print-Friendly Page Add to My Catalog               All catalogs © 2017 University of North Texas. Powered by the Acalog\u2122 Academic Catalog Management System\u2122 (ACMS\u2122).   Mobile Site.     
p2
t.