(S'http://research.unt.edu/faculty-resources/office-grants-contracts-administration/limited-submissions'
p1
V          Limited Submissions | Research and Innovation                               Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty Resources »  Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts Administration »  Office of Grants & Contracts Administration Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) »  Prepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Step 1 : Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist (GCS) Step 2 : Electronic proposal routing / Cayuse SP Step 3 : Optional for Grants.gov only / Cayuse 424 Cayuse FAQs Cayuse Help Cayuse Contacts   Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions Process »  Limited Submissions Process Limited Submissions Funding Opportunities   FAQ   Research Integrity & Compliance »  Research Integrity & Compliance Use of Humans in Research (IRB) Use of Animals in Research (IACUC) Financial Conflict of Interest Export Controls Research Integrity Research Misconduct Federal Regulations   Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization   About Us »  About Us Reports & Statistics »  Reports & Statistics Previous Fiscal Years Current Fiscal Year   Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People            Search form  Search               Research and Innovation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                          Office of Research and Innovation Research and Innovation             Main menu  Home Institutes Facilities Research Impact Global Impact Faculty ResourcesMC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts AdministrationPrepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions ProcessLimited Submissions Funding Opportunities  FAQ  Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization  About UsReports & Statistics Councils & Committees Strategic Plans Contact Us People                                 Faculty Resources MC2 Principal Investigator (PI) Handbook On-line Training Office of Grants & Contracts AdministrationPrepare & Submit Proposals (Request Grants & Contracts Specialist & Cayuse SP Routing) Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) Guidelines Limited Submissions ProcessLimited Submissions Funding Opportunities  FAQ  Research Integrity & Compliance Office of Research and Innovation (ORI) - supported Intramural Grants & Awards Innovation and Commercialization  Forms »      Limited SubmissionsWhat are Limited Submissions? A limited submission proposal is a type of broad agency announcement, request for proposal, or other funding opportunity, in which the sponsor restricts the number of applications or proposals that can be submitted by an institution or a unit within an institution. When multiple eligible principal investigators (PIs) or teams of PIs are interested in submitting a proposal to such a funding opportunity, institutions must consider pre-proposals or nominations to determine which application or applications will be submitted to the relevant external agency. Typically, institutions are permitted to submit one or two proposals to the sponsor of a limited submission proposal call. How do I apply? Faculty should contact the Office of Grants and Contracts Administration (OGCA) at limitedsubmissions@unt.edu to submit pre-proposals (in the format specified below) for consideration, on or before the internal UNT deadline, or if they have questions about the limited submissions process. What is required in a Pre-Proposal? A principal investigator must complete a pre-proposal as outlined below, while adhering to the parameters of the selection criteria noted in the sponsor\u2019s solicitation: Pre-Proposal Outline (approximately three pages): Project Summary and Intellectual Merit Broader Impact Approach and Methods Resources: Team Members and Facilities (please summarize) Total Estimated Budget (conceptual over award period) Total Estimated Cost Share (with breakout)  Biographical Sketch for the principal investigator(s) / Co-PI(s) (2 pages maximum; sample NSF guideline) A list of current and pending grant support for the PIs, including a brief discussion of the goals of each grant and, if relevant, a statement of overlap with the current application (sample other support; NSF guideline) If the application is a resubmission include a brief summary of the prior submission with review comments noted Complete and sign the Lead PI Commitment Statement Submit comprehensive final pre-proposal package to LimitedSubmissions@unt.edu Pre-proposals are due by the Internal Due Date listed on the \u201cUpcoming Limited Submission Opportunities\u201d posted on the Limited Submissions webpage  \u2013 or, if not on that list, six weeks before the agency\u2019s published proposal submission deadline. This will provide ample time for the PI to prepare a full proposal if selected.       If an opportunity is identified that is not on the "Upcoming Limited Submission Opportunities" posted on the Limited Submissions webpage and is inside of six weeks prior to the agency's published proposal submission deadline, priority will be given to the first GSC request received for that proposal.  GCS requests can be made through the following link. How are Limited Submission proposals selected and submitted? Review of pre-proposals is administered by the ORED. Notification of selections to applicants will be sent from the ORED. Final proposal(s) will be submitted through the Office of Grants & Contracts Administration (OGCA) to the sponsor. Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist How do I find current Limited Submission opportunities? Upcoming Limited Submission opportunities can we viewed on the Limited Submission Opportunities webpage. This list of pertinent limited submission funding opportunities is by no means exhaustive, containing those opportunities of potential broad interest or that have been the subject of demonstrated interest in recent years. Faculty are encouraged to identify additional opportunities as early as possible. Typically this process begins six weeks before the agency\u2019s published proposal submission deadline. To view a more comprehensive list of current Limited Submission opportunities faculty and staff are encouraged to use the search tool PIVOT. For more information on using this tool please contact OGCA. To view all NSF Limited Submission Opportunities click here.  Who do I contact for more information? For questions related to Limited Submissions contact LimitedSubmissions@unt.edu To request a Grants & Contracts Specialist select Request a Grants and Contracts Specialist under Pre Award on the OGCA homepage.                              Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg       Hurley Admin Building, Room 210      Mail Us  Office of Research and Innovation       1155 Union Circle P.O. Box 310979 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-369-7428 UNTResearch@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.