(S'http://www.art.unt.edu/'
p1
V      Homepage | Visual Arts & Design                                       Skip to main content              Home Quick Links »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now          Search the UNT web site:                 Quick Links  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now            Search form  Search                          College of  Visual Arts & Design                                  Home                           Departments                                Studio Art                                 Design                                 Art Education & Art History                         Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff                 Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design                 Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies                            Future Students                                CVAD Tours                           Inspiring Opportunities                           The Framework for Success                           Bachelor\u2019s Degree Programs                           Graduate Degree Programs                           Paying for Your Education                           Undergraduate Financial Aid                           Take the Next Steps for Your Success                           Preview Day 2017                       Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.    Speak with anadvisor                Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements.  See our latestannouncements                           Admissions                                Registration Dates                           Prospective Students & Orientation                           Graduate Admissions Requirements                           Contact Admissions                       Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.    Speak with anadvisor                Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.    Scholarships and financial aid                           Current Students                                Academic Advising                           Undergraduate Financial Aid                           Graduate Financial Aid                           Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities                           Student Organizations                           IT & Computer Labs                       Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.    Scholarships and financial aid                Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged.  Opportunities for students                           People                                Dean's Office                           Art Education & Art History                           Design                           Studio Art                           Student Services                           IT Services                           Galleries and Institutes                       Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels.  UNTCVAD onsocial media                Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students.  CVAD Alumni                           Galleries & Institutes                           About CVAD                                History of the College                           Mission                           Alumni                           Photos                           CVAD T-Shirts                           Tours                           Building Hours                           Directions                           FabLab                           Photo Documentation Room                           Social Media                           Job Openings                       Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations.  Support CVAD                Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements.  See our latestannouncements                                 We want to help you find passion in your arts and design education. Find out how UNT CVAD is enhancing cross-disciplinary arts and design education with the expansion of our current building! ...MORE INFO ABOUT THE NEW ART BUILDING HERE!                  Watch our YouTube Live Stream to see construction of the new art building! The College of Visual Arts and Design (CVAD) at the University of North Texas (UNT) assumes a critical role in building our region into a world-renowned center for culture and education. CVAD fosters creative futures for its diverse student population and the area through rigorous arts-based education, arts- and client-based studio practice, scholarship and research.           Studio ArtGraduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff      DesignCommunication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design      Art Education & Art HistoryArt Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies          Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD        On view in the CVAD Galleries          Weekly rotating exhibitions          Weekly rotating exhibitions          Visit gallery.unt.edu for more info           Cora Stafford Gallery       Lightwell Gallery       UNT Art Gallery         CVAD Galleries & Institutes »     Upcoming Events     06 May    UNT ArtWear Fashion Show 2017   6:00 pm   UNT Union Ballroom, Rm 314 - 1155 Union Circle, Denton, TX 76201      21 Oct    2017 CVAD Preview Day   10:00 am to 2:00 pm   UNT Art Building, Lightwell Gallery - 1201 W. Mulberry Street, Denton, TX     View our events calendar »         Opportunities  Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged.       CVAD Computer Lab is Hiring!   May 5, 2017    Call for Volunteers: Kimbell Teen Night   May 3, 2017    Luminaria Volunteers Needed   Mar 30, 2017     Find more opportunities »     Announcements  For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements.       UNT CVAD welcomes Lauren Lake as new chair of Dept of Studio Art   May 4, 2017    ArtWear Fashion Show: May 6, 2017   Apr 10, 2017    Alicia Eggert, Safwat Saleem - work named finalist of Fast Company's World Changing Ideas Awards   Mar 22, 2017     See all announcements »     BlogsLearn more about what's going on through CVAD department and program blogs.  untintdes.blogspot.com UNT Interior Design Blog untfasdes.blogspot.com UNT Fashion Design Blog untprintmakingblog.blogspot.com UNT Printmaking Blog See more blogs »                  Student accomplishments       Melody Schier - Atmospheric Perspective Melody Schier - Atmospheric Perspective      Studio Art Core Drawing Melody Schier - Atmospheric Perspective      All student accomplishments »       Alumni accomplishments       Maria Leake (Art Education PhD 2010) publishes in Art Education Congratulations to Art Education PhD alumna Maria Leake on the publication of her article "Social Engagements With Contemporary Art: Connecting Theory with Practice" in the September 2014 issue of Art Education.This special issue of Art Education, The Journal of the National Art Education Association, focuses on Theory & Practice in Art Education. Nicely done, Dr. Leake!      Art Education and Art History Art Education Congratulations to Art Education PhD alumna Maria Leake on the publication of her article "Social Engagements With Contemporary Art: Connecting Theory with Practice" in the September 2014 issue of Art Education.This special issue of Art Education, The Journal of the National Art Education Association, focuses on Theory & Practice in Art Education. Nicely done, Dr. Leake!      All alumni accomplishments »                                  Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map]          Mail Us  College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017           Contact Us  (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu               Site last updated on   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home                          
p2
t.