(S'http://edo.unt.edu/equal-opportunity'
p1
V          Office of Equal Opportunity | Division of Institutional Equity & Diversity                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Office of Equal Opportunity »  Office of Equal Opportunity Title IX ADA Coordinator File a Complaint Request a Training   Office of Diversity & Inclusion »  Office of Diversity & Inclusion Pride Alliance Multicultural Center Available Trainings   Equity & Diversity Conference »  Equity & Diversity Conference 2017 E&D; Conference   Alumni Opportunities & Giving          Search form  Search                Division of Institutional Equity & Diversity         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Division of Institutional Equity & Diversity             Main menu  Home About Office of Equal OpportunityTitle IX ADA Coordinator File a Complaint Request a Training  Office of Diversity & InclusionAvailable Trainings Multicultural Center Pride Alliance  Equity & Diversity Conference2017 E&D Conference  Alumni Opportunities & Giving                               Office of Equal Opportunity      The Office of Equal Opportunity (OEO) is the primary office at the University of North Texas responsible for enforcing the University's equal opportunity policies and for investigating complaints of discrimination, harassment and retaliation.  The University of North Texas does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, political affiliation, disability, marital status, ancestry, genetic information, citizenship, or veteran status in its application and admission process, educational programs and activities, university facilities, or employment policies. The University takes active measures to prevent such conduct and immediately investigates and takes remedial action when appropriate. The University also prohibits and takes actions to prevent retaliation against individuals who report or file a charge of discrimination, harassment, or sexual violence; participate in an investigation, or oppose any form of discrimination, harassment, or sexual violence. Filing a Complaint Anyone who believes that he or she was the victim of discrimination or harassment, or in violation of University policies may consult with us for advice and/or to file a complaint. University policies prohibiting discrimination and harassment: 05.011 Employment of Individuals with Disabilities / Workplace Accommodations 12.005 Prohibition of Sexual Assault and Retaliation 16.001 Disability Accommodation for Students and Academic Units 16.002 Campus Access for Service and Comfort Animals for People with Disabilities 16.004 Nondiscrimination/Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action, and Non-Retaliation 16.005 Sexual Harassment Information about filing a complaint is available here: File a complaint Reporting Obligations: Every member of the university community has a responsibility to keep the environment free of discrimination and harassment. The University can take corrective action only when it becomes aware of problems. Therefore, the University encourages persons who believe that they have experienced or witnessed discrimination or harassment to come forward promptly with their inquiries, reports, or complaints and to seek assistance from OEO staff. Supervisors have a responsibility to notify OEO when they receive complaints of discrimination or harassment from parties within their units. Anyone who is aware of a suspected violation of the policies prohibiting discrimination/harassment is obligated to notify OEO. Faculty and staff should report suspected violations to their immediate supervisor and the Office of Equal Opportunity. Students should report violations to the administrative director or chair of the department in which the alleged incident occurred and the Office of Equal Opportunity. You may contact OEO at (940) 565-2759 or via email at oeo@unt.edu.      Title IX  Equal Opportunity Training      ADA Coordinator  Resources      Equal Opportunity FAQ  Contact Information Location: Hurley Administration Building 175 Phone: 940.565.2759 Email: oeo@unt.edu                        Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg        1501 W. Chestnut Denton, Texas  76203-5107         Mail Us   University of North Texas Division of Institutional Equity and Diversity 1155 Union Circle #310937 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2711 Equity.Diversity@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.