(S'http://edo.unt.edu/list-available-trainings'
p1
V          List of Available Trainings | Division of Institutional Equity & Diversity                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Office of Equal Opportunity »  Office of Equal Opportunity Title IX ADA Coordinator File a Complaint Request a Training   Office of Diversity & Inclusion »  Office of Diversity & Inclusion Pride Alliance Multicultural Center Available Trainings   Equity & Diversity Conference »  Equity & Diversity Conference 2017 E&D; Conference   Alumni Opportunities & Giving          Search form  Search                Division of Institutional Equity & Diversity         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Division of Institutional Equity & Diversity             Main menu  Home About Office of Equal OpportunityTitle IX ADA Coordinator File a Complaint Request a Training  Office of Diversity & InclusionAvailable Trainings Multicultural Center Pride Alliance  Equity & Diversity Conference2017 E&D Conference  Alumni Opportunities & Giving                         List of Available Trainings      Office of Diversity & Inclusion Trainings Cultural Humility Cultural Humility Towards Culturally Responsive Teaching: Intended for faculty, this session introduces cultural humility and self-reflection as a tool to effectively engage students through a cultural lens. Cultural Humility - Seeing Ourselves to See Others: Intended for students, this class presentation introduces the concept of cultural humility, self-reflection, and their application to all fields of study. Cultural Humility for Inclusive Community Building: Initially designed as training for Housing and Residence Life, this presentation is applicable to any role or entity responsible for creating and building community. Includes an introduction to cultural humility and self-reflection, the impact of microinvalidations on climate, and the impact of microvalidations on building and maintaining inclusive communities. Bias Awareness and Perceptions Bias-Based Profiling: Presented in in conjunction with the UNT Police department, this session incorporates the use of the Harvard Implicit Association Test to provide opportunities for awareness to law enforcement officials regarding the impact of implicit bias on policing. Bias Awareness for Inclusive Environments: This session uses the Harvard Implicit Association Test to introduce participants to bias, bias awareness, and how biases may impact the creation and sustainability of inclusive environments. Perceptions and Interactions: Do You See What I See?: Intended for groups or individuals whose role may contribute to organizational climate, this session examines the role of identities in shaping perceptions and experiences, and how perceptions can impact interactions and interpretations.  Microaggressions and Language Language and Communication - Key Drivers for Inclusive Environments: This session discusses key concepts related to inclusive and exclusive language, uses case studies to explore the potential usage and impact of offensive language, and discusses ways to correct and interrupt offensive language. Microaggressions and Student Success - Experiences and Impact: Applicable to advisors, counselors, and any others who have direct student interaction and facilitate their student success, this session explores the impact of language on climate by connecting participants with their own microaggression experiences, and discusses how microaffirmations can facilitate student success. Cultural Humility and Communication - Key Drivers for Inclusive Environments: This session combines the exploration of cultural humility, microaggressions, and relationship estimation to discuss their personal and organizational impact on inclusive environments.   Student Success Access, Equality, Equity, and Inclusion - Distinction and Application: Intended for student affairs professionals, this session discusses the difference between access, equality and equity, their relationship to intentional inclusion, and how their knowledge and practice relates to our role as student success professionals. Case studies are used to explore how to apply equity to the co-curricular nature of student success and development initiatives. Equity-Mindedness and Inclusive Excellence - 21st Century Approaches to Student Success: This session introduces the Association of American Colleges and University\u2019s (AAC&U;) Inclusive Excellence framework, equity-mindedness, and opportunity expansion as a facilitator of student success. Facilitating Student Success with Cultural Humility: Intended for student affairs professionals (advisors, counselors, etc.), this session explores the difference between cultural humility and cultural competence, and how the dimensions of cross-cultural competence can be used to effectively engage students. Inclusive Teaching and Learning Diversity in the Classroom: Multiple Perspectives and Pathways to Success: Designed for faculty, this session explores culture, identity, multiple perspectives, and culturally responsive pedagogy as a tool for facilitating student success. Participants also have the opportunity to explore how their perspectives are shaped by biases and socialization. Cultural Humility Towards Culturally Responsive Teaching: Intended for faculty, this session introduces cultural humility and self-reflection as a tool to effectively engage students through a cultural lens. Providing Academic Leadership with Cultural Humility: Designed as team building for academic leadership (such as department chairs), this session combines individual and team strengths (as identified by the Clifton Strengths Finder) with facilitative leadership to explore the impact of cultural perspectives and variables and intercultural conflict and conflict styles on achieving departmental goals. General Creating an Inclusive Work Environment: Delivered as part of the training series for new supervisors, this session explores the difference between compliance and inclusion, introduces cultural humility as a tool for inclusion, discusses the importance of modeling behavior that creates inclusive environments.  Pride Alliance Trainings Ally 101 Training This training has historically explored the differences between sex assigned at birth, gender identity, gender expression, and sexuality, as well as the coming out process, pronouns, resources and tools/skills for allyship. (Students, Faculty, Staff) Crafting the World We Want to Live In This presentation was created for freshman orientation students and provides a brief introduction into UNT's diversity & inclusion policies/practices highlighting the MC, PA, and OSL. (Students) Creating a Trans Inclusive Workspace This training explore gender identity, gender expression, and sex assigned at birth. It also explores promising practices for inclusion in business settings. The training reviews resources and support networks for transgender communities and introduces the HRC Corporate Equality Index. (Community Businesses, Students, Faculty, Staff) Supporting Queer______: What is Your Role? (Usually Queer "Students", but can be interchangeable) This training has historically explored the differences between sex assigned at birth, gender identity, gender expression, and sexuality, and incorporates skills and tools for equity and inclusion of gender identity and sexuality. This is geared toward leaders or those who are in/going to be in a helping profession. (Students, Faculty, Staff) Multicultural Center Trainings Crafting the World We Want to Live In This presentation was created for freshman orientation students and provides a brief introduction into UNT's diversity & inclusion policies/practices highlighting the MC, PA, and OSL. From Awareness to Action This workshop was created for Resident Assistants during Residence Life training. It will allow participants to learn more about gender identities, race/ethnicity and how to respond to bias language. They will review resources that the MC offers. Leadership in a Global Society Academic presentation typically delivered to leadership certificate courses. Students will be familiar with current student demographics and be able to discuss both external and internal identities. Multicultural Center 101 Introductory presentation for student organizations/departments interested in learning about the services and resources offered by the Multicultural Center.  My Culture is Not a Costume This presentation was created for residence halls as a means to kickstart a conversation around cultural appropriation, race and ethnicity.  Request a training Click the button below to fill out the training request form: Training Request Form                                Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg        1501 W. Chestnut Denton, Texas  76203-5107         Mail Us   University of North Texas Division of Institutional Equity and Diversity 1155 Union Circle #310937 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2711 Equity.Diversity@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.