(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/emerald-eagle-scholars'
p1
V           Emerald Eagle Scholars | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home         Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs                        Emerald Eagle Scholars   Our Mission The Emerald Eagle Scholars Program provides access to higher education for academically talented students with high financial need.  While at UNT, the program seeks to connect Emerald Eagle Scholars to campus resources, engage them in activities that facilitate their academic success, and support students in the timely completion of their bachelor\u2019s degrees. This website is for current UNT students in the Emerald Eagle Scholars Program.  For high school students looking to find out more about the Emerald Eagle Program and what we have to offer, click on the Prospective Emerald Eagle Scholars button below.   Interested in Becoming an Emerald Eagle Scholar? EESP: Eligibility Requirements for Continuing Students Financial Eligibility  Must be Pell Grant eligible Must complete the FAFSA by March 15th every year If selected for verification, must complete the verification process by May 15th every year Note: Failure to meet the deadlines can jeopardize your award and status in the Emerald Eagle Scholars Program Academic Eligibility  Must maintain a UNT cumulative GPA of a 2.5 or higher Must maintain full time student status each semester per academic year (Recommended: 15 hours for Fall; 15 hours for Spring) If you take summer courses outside of UNT, please ensure that all transcripts are officially submitted to the university.  Please note that non-UNT coursework can count towards the full time student status requirement, but will not count towards the 2.5 GPA requirement (UNT cumulative GPA only) Emerald Eagle Scholars: Pin Programs What are Pin Programs?  Pin Programs are exclusive opportunities for Emerald Eagle Scholars to gain unique experiences, develop skill sets in a variety of areas, and build their resumes!  After successful completion of the Pin Program, students will earn an Achievement Pin to proudly display on their Emerald Eagle Scholars graduation stole! Check out the information below to learn about each Pin Program! Pin Program for Excellence in Service The Pin Program for Excellence in Service seeks to move past the community service hour requirement for first year Emerald Eagle Scholars.  For students interested and passionate about service, we add to their community service experiences by providing a series of six workshops centered on the Social Change Model of Leadership.  This gives students the opportunity to network with other first year Scholars passionate about service and connect their experiences engaging in service to social change.  This spring, we will be highlighting Food Insecurity in this Pin Program. After successful completion of the Pin Program, students will earn an Achievement Pin to proudly display on their Emerald Eagle Scholars graduation stole! Space in this program is limited to first year students only. Pin Program for Leadership The Pin Program for Leadership is a six-week leadership workshop series grounded in learning and applying leadership theory to reach academic, career, and personal success.  We will work to identify your leadership skills, understand your values, build your personal mission statement, and start to make your goals become reality.  At the end of this program, you will receive an Achievement Pin to proudly display on your Emerald Eagle Scholars graduation stole!   Space in this program is limited to upperclassmen (sophomores, juniors, and seniors). Pin Program for Global Exploration (Summer Study Abroad) The Pin Program for Global Exploration is the annual Emerald Eagle Scholars study abroad experience! A group (numbers vary) of Emerald Eagle Scholars will be selected to spend four weeks in Oaxaca, Mexico. It is important to note that the application process has three components: an online application; a UNT Faculty or Staff Recommendation Form; and an interview (if selected).  Space in this program is limited to upperclassment (sophomores,  juniors, and seniors). EESP: Forms  Community Service Form (click here) All first year Emerald Eagle Scholars who are not in a work study position must complete 15 hours of community service per semester. Please utilize this electronic form to document and reflect on your service experiences. Work Study Confirmation Form  All first year Emerald Eagle Scholars who are engaging in a work study position must complete this confirmation form.  For the Spring 2016 semester, this form must be completed by March 1st.  If you have not found a work study position by March 1st, you must engage in the 15 hours of community service experiences per semester.  Please document those service hours using the Community Service Form above.  Academic Appeal Form  If you need to submit an appeal, please print and complete the Appeal Form and turn it into the Emerald Eagle Scholars Suite (Sage Hall 328).  Appeals are accepted during the Fall and Spring semesters, no later than the 12th class day respectively.  If you have questions about the appeal process, please contact Sara Watkins at sara.watkins@unt.edu.  Summer Funding  Pending funding, the Emerald Eagle Scholars Program strives to offer a select number of students some funding towards summer coursework taken here at UNT. Applications are available in the Spring semester and a holistic review is conducted to determine who will be awarded funding. Students applying for funding must submit a summer financial aid application prior to filling out the EESP Summer Funding Application. It is important toknow that funding is limited and not every applicant will be awarded summer funding.**Note: Students must be enrolled in a minimum of 6 hours to receive funding. Staff  Sara Watkins, Coordinator Liz Perkins, Administrative Coordinator Ashley Hinck, Graduate Assistant Contact Information  Sage Hall 328 | Monday-Friday 8:00-5:00 | 940.369.5251 | emeraldeaglescholars@unt.edu                             Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.