(S'http://recsports.unt.edu/about/history'
p1
V          History | Recreational Sports                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us   Join »  Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions   Aquatics »  Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons   Informal Rec »  Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations   Fitness »  Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events   Intramurals »  Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating   Outdoor Pursuits »  Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics   Sport Clubs »  Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates   Resources DSA Home          Search form  Search                Recreational Sports         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Recreational Sports             Main menu  Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us  JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions  AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program  Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies  FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events  IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules  Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics  Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates  Resources DSA Home                History          Started by Students  Ground Breaking Event  UNT students considered a recreation center to be a critical facility on a university campus. In fact, the project was initiated by the Recreation and Leisure Studies Society, a UNT student group, in 1997. The idea gained momentum through student involvement and a referendum was voted on by the students and then passed by the Texas legislature, making the Pohl Recreation Center a reality. The need for the Pohl Recreation Center was further documented by a survey of UNT students that showed a need for "a place to be on campus." The student survey indicated a critical need for student social and leisure space on campus. Student Recreation Center Changes Its Name At a special appreciation gala saluting outgoing University of North Texas President Norval F. Pohl on May 12, 2006, UNT System officials joined with members of the university community and students in proposing the renaming of the university's state-of-the-art Student Recreation Center in his honor. "It is most fitting that the Student Recreation Center - a building in the heart of the university campus, built to promote the physical and mental health of our students - be named for Dr. Pohl, who is widely acknowledged as the student-centered president," said UNT Chancellor Lee F. Jackson. In October 2000, the same month Dr. Pohl took up his duties as UNT's 13th president, the student approved a referendum to institute a $75 per semester fee to finance a new recreation center. From that time forward, Dr. Pohl lent his support to every effort to move the students' expressed desire for a first-class recreation center from concept to reality. Dr. Pohl stood with student body leaders at the forefront of the celebration when the 138,000 square-foot facility opened its recreational, leisure and social spaces to UNT students, faculty, staff and alumni in the fall of 2003.                              Visit Us  Pohl Recreation Center        1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203         Mail Us   1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.