(S'http://recsports.unt.edu/join/memberships'
p1
V          Types of Memberships | Recreational Sports                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us   Join »  Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions   Aquatics »  Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons   Informal Rec »  Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations   Fitness »  Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events   Intramurals »  Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating   Outdoor Pursuits »  Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics   Sport Clubs »  Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates   Resources DSA Home          Search form  Search                Recreational Sports         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Recreational Sports             Main menu  Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us  JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions  AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program  Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies  FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events  IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules  Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics  Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates  Resources DSA Home                Types of Memberships           UNT Students   Most enrolled students are automatic members  Currently enrolled UNT students who have paid the Rec Fee are automatic members of the Pohl Recreation Center. A current UNT ID card is required for entrance to the Rec Center. Students who are only enrolled in online classes, classes held off-campus, study abroad classes or other classes that do not meet on a regular basis on the UNT Denton campus do not pay the Rec Fee and therefore, do not have access to the Rec Center. These students can pay the Rec Fee directly to the Rec Center in the form of a continuing student membership (for the same fee that students pay). Students who drop all of their classes or are no longer considered a student at UNT will be inactive in the Rec Center system and will not have access to the Rec Center. Back to Top    Faculty/Staff Memberships   Faculty and Staff are encourage to join  UNT faculty and staff are eligible to purchase a membership to the Pohl Recreation Center. When joining the Rec Center, faculty and staff are encouraged to join the Faculty/Staff Fitness Program by completing a registration form. As a member of the Faculty/Staff Fitness program, full-time staff members are eligible for 20 minutes of administrative leave for one hour of daily exercise as approved by their supervisor (policy 05.058). Back to Top    Retiree Memberships  Faculty and staff who have retired from UNT and have a valid UNT Retiree card are eligible to purchase a membership at the Rec Center. Retirees are charged a reduced rate. Back to Top    Dependent Memberships  Dependents of UNT students, faculty, staff and retirees ages 16-24 may also purchase memberships. Parents of dependents ages 16-17 must also be a member of the Rec Center as children ages 17 and under require the supervision of a Rec Center member. Back to Top    Alumni Memberships  Alumni must be a member of the University of North Texas Alumni Association to purchase a membership at the Rec Center. A University of North Texas Alumni Association ID card is required at the time of purchase. For more information on the University of North Texas Alumni Association, please visit the UNT Alumni Association website. Back to Top    Plus One Memberships   Sponsor a friend  Plus One Memberships: Current and retired faculty and staff employees and currently enrolled students may sponsor one individual for membership defined as the Plus 1 membership type. Individuals must be 18 years or older at the time of membership, live full-time in the same residence as the sponsoring member during the term of the membership, and show written proof of eligibility and residence. Proof of eligibility and residence includes a current driver\u2019s license showing age and residence, a utility bill or bank account jointly reflecting the name of the member and person being sponsored, or marriage license. The sponsoring member must appear in person each time the membership is purchased or renewed to verify his or her agreement to sponsor the individual and must sign the membership agreement but does not need to be a current UNT Pohl Recreation Center member. Individuals who misrepresent their eligibility for membership or who sponsor an individual who is not eligible for membership will have their membership permanently revoked and be subject to disciplinary action. No refund will be given when a membership is revoked.. Back to Top    Membership Forms  Membership Forms Back to Top      Memberships UNT Students Faculty/Staff Retirees Dependents Alumni Plus One Forms                              Visit Us  Pohl Recreation Center        1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203         Mail Us   1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.