(S'http://recsports.unt.edu/informal-rec/policies'
p1
V          Facility Policies | Recreational Sports                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us   Join »  Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions   Aquatics »  Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons   Informal Rec »  Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations   Fitness »  Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events   Intramurals »  Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating   Outdoor Pursuits »  Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics   Sport Clubs »  Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates   Resources DSA Home          Search form  Search                Recreational Sports         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Recreational Sports             Main menu  Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us  JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions  AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program  Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies  FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events  IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules  Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics  Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates  Resources DSA Home                Facility Policies          Our Policies For your safety and enjoyment, as well as the safety and enjoyment of others, the following policies will be enforced in all the facilities.  General   All drinks must be in a sealable container. Proper footwear and attire is required. Each activity area has specific shoe and attire requirements. Please refer to activity area policies below. No animals other than those assisting the disabled are allowed in any recreational facility. Bicycles, skateboards and roller blades are prohibited from the facility; strollers are allowed in designated activity areas. Please see member services for details. All members of the Rec Center and guests are subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement and Recreational Sports policies and procedures. Back to Top   Facility Usage  All currently enrolled students, currently employed or retired faculty and staff, their spouses, dependents and alumni are eligible to use the facilities during operating hours. Faculty/staff, retirees, their spouses, dependents and alumni must purchase a membership or a guest fee. Currently enrolled students, who pay the Rec Center fee, are automatically members of the Rec Center. All users must present a current UNT ID card to the Recreational Sports staff to gain access to any facility. Users are allowed to forget their ID card three times per semester. Alumni must be current members of NT Exes and will be given a Rec Sports ID card. Members and guests are required to follow all posted rules. Dependents (children, up to age 24, living at home) of currently enrolled students and current faculty and staff and spouses may purchase a daily guest pass for $5. Sponsors are responsible for directly supervising minors (under age 16) while using the Rec Center. Failure to do so may result in loss of membership privileges. An eligible user over 18 years of age must accompany his/her guest/dependent between the ages of 16 and 17. An adult sponsor may supervise no more than two (2) individuals under 16 years of age. Members and guests under 16 years of age may not use the climbing wall, aerobics, weight room/equipment, or racquetball courts. A parent or guardian over 18 must directly supervise individuals under 16 years of age when using the Rec Center. Children 5 years of age and older must use the locker room and rest room in accordance with their gender. Failure to follow age and use restrictions may result in termination or suspension of membership or guests privileges. Guests of an eligible user may use the recreational facilities by paying an $8 guest fee. All guests must be sponsored by an eligible user. The eligible user must present his/her UNT ID card to obtain the guest pass. The guest is valid only for the date listed on the receipt. The sponsor of the guest is responsible for the guest while using the facilities. Members may sponsor up to two guests per day. Facility reservations may be made by calling (940) 565-2275. A minimum of 3 weeks is necessary to process a facility request. Back to Top   Weight Room  Use of the weight room is limited to users 16 years and over. No one under the age of 16 is permitted. Closed-toed athletic shoes and attire are required. Flip flops, open-toed, open-heeled shoes are not allowed. Keep walkways clear. Users must move any item obstructing walkways and/or equipment at the request of Rec Sports staff. Cubbies and lockers are available. Collars are required when using loaded Olympic bars. Spotters are recommended. Re-rack weights when finished. Do not drop weights or dumbbells. Chalk is not allowed. Please wipe down machines after each use. Exercises that cannot be performed in a safe and proper manner or may pose risk to others are prohibited; swinging of dumbbells and stacking of plyo boxes is not allowed. Kettlebells and jumpropes may only be used in designated locations. Do not remove equipment from Weight Room. Drinks must be kept in sealed container. Food and glass containers are not allowed. Please inform staff immediately of any spills. Rec sports staff is available to show you proper use of cardio, weight, visual and audio equipment. Please ask for assistance. In case of an emergency please contact the weight room staff. Only personal trainers employed by Rec Sports may provide personal training. Back to Top   Racquetball Reservations  For your convenience, all court reservations may be made one working day in advance on a phone-in or walk-in basis at the Member Services Desk in Pohl Recreation Center (940) 369-8347. During racquetball hours, reservations may be made at the PEB  racquetball courts (940) 565-3409. Racquetball participants do not have to be a member of the Pohl Recreation Center in order to utilize the racquetball courts. Guests are free but must be accompanied by a UNT student or employee. Equipment may be checked out from the PEB checkroom or Pohl Recreation Center. Only one reservation may be made per person per day. Reservations may be made for one hour. Reservations are subject to forfeiture if not claimed within 10 minutes of the reservation time. Racquetball court use is limited to users over the age of 16. It is recommended that protective eyewear designed for racquet sports be worn at all times. Participation is at your own risk. Back to Top   Equipment Checkout  Recreational equipment is available for checkout with a valid UNT ID card from the PEB checkroom and the Rec Center member services desk. Equipment is available for overnight checkout and must be returned in the condition in which it was checked out. A replacement fee will be assessed for any lost or damaged equipment. Equipment available for checkout includes: Badminton racquets, Basketballs (men/women), Birdies, Day use locks, Foosballs, Footballs (men/women), Indoor soccer balls, Indoor volleyballs, Outdoor basketballs (men/women), Outdoor soccer balls, Outdoor volleyballs, Shuffleboard pucks, Softball bats, Softball gloves, Softballs, Table tennis balls, Table tennis paddles, Tennis balls, Tennis racquets and Weight belts. Back to Top   Group Exercise Classes  Free classes are available to all currently enrolled UNT students and to all Rec Center members. Free classes are indicated on the group exercise schedule with an asterisk (*). All other classes are available with a group exercise pass. Participants must sign in at the group exercise room. Back to Top   Climbing Wall  All climbers, regardless of ability, must pass a skill check. Climbers with little or no climbing experience must take the Intro to Climbing class. Approved guests of members are only eligible to purchase an Intro to Climbing class or skill check, and a one-time climb or day pass and may climb only when accompanied by their UNT member/sponsor. Members and guests must be at least 16 years of age to use the climbing wall. All climbers must sign a UNT Indoor Climbing Informed Consent and Release of Liability Agreement. Patrons under 18 must have the form signed by a parent or guardian. All climbers may rent UNT climbing equipment. Patrons may use their own harness, shoes, and chalk bag if each piece of equipment passes inspection by climbing wall staff. Shoes are mandatory. No cell phones, food or drink inside the climbing area at any time. You must be a currently enrolled student or Rec Center member to purchase a climbing wall pass. Guests of Rec Center members may use the climbing wall by purchasing a Rec Center guest fee and a climbing wall day pass. Back to Top   Outdoor Pursuits Equipment Rental  All equipment is available to current UNT students, faculty and staff upon presentation of a current student or faculty/staff ID card. Reservations may be made in person up to 2 weeks in advance at the Outdoor Pursuits Center. The full rental fee must be paid upon making a reservation. Equipment not reserved is available on a first-come, first-serve basis and must be paid for in full at the time of rental pick up. Cancellations must be made at least 24 hours prior to check out time to receive a refund. Cancellations that occur within 24 hours from the rental date and time will receive no refund. All cancellations of reserved equipment that would qualify for a refund must be made in person at the Outdoor Pursuits Center during normal operating hours. Fees will be assessed at the current retail rate for repair or replacement of damaged or lost equipment. Equipment returned late will be charged a daily rental rate. No credit or refunds will be issued for items reserved but not used, or for equipment returned early. Individuals abusing equipment or not following procedures may be ineligible to rent equipment in the future. All equipment must be returned to the Outdoor Pursuits Center during normal operating hours. Equipment returned to other areas in the Rec Center will not be accepted or be considered returned equipment. Back to Top   Aquatics Rules  Pool Rules Swimming is permitted only when a lifeguard is present. Children under 16 must be accompanied by parent or guardian. Street shoes are not allowed on the deck. Shower before entering the pool. No excessive splashing, dunking, shoving, or object throwing. No running on decks. No diving. No food, gum, drinks, or glass containers (water bottles are allowed). Do not talk to the lifeguards while on duty. Appropriate swim attire required. Toddlers and infants must wear swim diapers. No t-shirts or cut off jeans. People with open wounds or infectious diseases are not permitted in the pool or spa. Do not hang on the lane ropes. No floatation devices allowed. Remove all band-aids and hairpins. Swimmers should swim with others of their ability. All swimmers should circle swim. Water jogging allowed in lap lanes only. Please be aware of the emergency whistle code. The lifeguards have authority over all patrons regarding policy enforcement. Spa Rules  Use the spa only when the water is 104 degrees F or below. Do not submerge head or ears. Senior Adults, pregnant women, and those with serious health problems should not use the spa before consulting a physician. Use the steps to enter and exit the spa. No jumping or diving allowed, and enter and exit the spa slowly. Using the spa after consuming alcohol, drugs, or some medicines may be injurious to your health. Long exposure may result in nausea, dizziness, or fainting. Do not stay in the spa longer than 15 minutes at a time. Children under 5 may not use the spa, children under 16 must be accompanied by an adult. Back to Top   Track Rules  Court shoes are required. Walkers use the two inside lanes. Spitting on the track is prohibited. No food, drinks, tobacco or gum are allowed. Back to Top   Waranch Tennis Center Policies Courts are available for use by students, faculty, staff, and Pohl Recreation Center members. All users must have a UNT ID card or a rec center membership card. Courts will remain locked except during supervised use times. Tennis equipment is available for checkout with a valid UNT ID card or Pohl Recreation Center membership. No activities other than tennis are allowed on the courts. Rollerblading and skateboards are strictly prohibited. Participants must wear shirts at all times. Athletic shoes are required. Smoking, use of tobacco products, or alcoholic beverages are not allowed. Food or drinks are not allowed on the tennis courts. Water bottles are allowed. Glass containers are not allowed on the tennis courts. Animals other than those assisting the disabled are not allowed on the tennis courts. Users are responsible for observing and following these policies. Those participants not following the policies, may be asked to leave the facility by the staff on duty. In case of inclement weather, play may be stopped and the tennis courts may be closed. In case of an accident, contact the tennis court supervisor. In case of emergency contact UNT Police by calling 911. For more information about the Waranch Tennis Pavilion or for reservations fill out the Recreational Sports Facility Request Form (pdf) and turn it into the Rec Sports office or call 940-565-4200. Back to Top      Facility Policies General Policies Facility Usage Weight Room Equipment Checkout Group Exercise Classes Climbing Wall Outdoor Pursuits Equipment Rental Aquatics Rules Track Rules Waranch Tennis Center Policies                              Visit Us  Pohl Recreation Center        1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203         Mail Us   1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.