(S'http://recsports.unt.edu/fitness/personal-training'
p1
V          Personal Training | Recreational Sports                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us   Join »  Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions   Aquatics »  Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons   Informal Rec »  Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations   Fitness »  Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events   Intramurals »  Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating   Outdoor Pursuits »  Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics   Sport Clubs »  Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates   Resources DSA Home          Search form  Search                Recreational Sports         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Recreational Sports             Main menu  Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us  JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions  AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program  Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies  FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events  IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules  Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics  Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates  Resources DSA Home                Personal Training           Benefits to Personal Training  Discover the benefits of working with a personal trainer. From designing a customized workout plan to providing ongoing motivation and support, personal trainers are dedicated to helping you achieve your specific fitness goals. Every new personal training client receives a complimentary fitness assessment with their personal trainer. Four reasons to have a personal trainer Variety Trainers use a variety of effective workouts based upon your specific goals. Specificity Trainers develop a program specific to your needs. Accountability Trainers provide necessary accountability and motivation to maximze results. Credibility Our personal trainers are nationally certified. Session Prices Sessions Students Members 1 $28 $35 3 $69 $88 8 $172 $215 16 $340 $425 Back to Top   Registration and Session Information Register in the Rec Sports Office Monday-Friday, 8am-5pm. Personal training available to Rec Center members only. Each session is one hour. Unused sessions expire one year from the date of purchase. Back to Top   Personal Trainer Bios   Arie BJ Chad Dan Daniel     John Kera Lola Sadie Tegan   Back to Top   Fitness Assessments Fitness assessments provide information needed to develop reasonable and attainable fitness goals. The results of a fitness assessment can provide you with information useful in making possible lifestyle decisions. Personal trainers conduct a number of tests including blood pressure, height, weight, body composition, cardio-respiratory, flexibility, muscular strength and muscular endurance to provide a starting point to your fitness path. Fitness Assessments are free with the purchase of 1 or more personal training sessions (for new clients only). Back to Top   Body Composition Testing Body fat percentage is a leading indicator of fitness level and disease risk. What to expect; a caliper is used to measure the thickness of skinfold at several sites around the body. Wear comfortable clothing. Students and Rec Center members only for $5. Back to Top   Weight Room Services Need help getting started in the weight room? Weight room supervisors are always on hand for free weight room tours designed to introduce you to the machines and equipment available for use. Weight room supervisors can also act as spotters for weight lifting. Weight belts, bands and jump ropes may be checked out at the weight room desk. Back to Top      Personal Training Benefits to Personal Training Registration and Session Information Personal Trainer Bios Fitness Assessments Body Composition Testing Weight Room Services                              Visit Us  Pohl Recreation Center        1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203         Mail Us   1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.