(S'http://recsports.unt.edu/fitness/resources'
p1
V          Fitness Resources | Recreational Sports                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us   Join »  Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions   Aquatics »  Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons   Informal Rec »  Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations   Fitness »  Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events   Intramurals »  Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating   Outdoor Pursuits »  Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics   Sport Clubs »  Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates   Resources DSA Home          Search form  Search                Recreational Sports         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Recreational Sports             Main menu  Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us  JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions  AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program  Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies  FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events  IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules  Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics  Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates  Resources DSA Home                Fitness Resources           Campus Walking/Jogging Paths  This map (click here for map) features four paths around campus of varying mileage to help you get outside, stay fit, and enjoy the beautiful UNT campus! Back to Top   General Nutrition Health The USDA Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion (CNPP) works to improve the health and well-being of Americans by developing and promoting dietary guidance that links scientific research to the nutrition needs of consumers. CNPP is an agency of USDA's Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services. Nutrition.gov provides easy access to the best food and nutrition information from across the federal government. It serves as a gateway to reliable information on nutrition, healthy eating, physical activity, and food safety for consumers, educators and health professionals. One size doesn't fit all. Choosemyplate.gov can help you choose the foods and amounts that are right for you. Eatright.org is the world's largest organization of food and nutrition professionals.  They can give you tips on healthy eating, nutrition information for all ages and healthy fitness tips as well. Healthfinder.gov is an award-winning Federal Web site for consumers, developed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services together with other Federal agencies. Since 1997, healthfinder.gov has been recognized as a key resource for finding the best government and nonprofit health and human services information on the Internet. healthfinder.gov links to carefully selected information and Web sites from over 1,500 health-related organizations. Back to Top   General Heart Health The American Heart Association is a national voluntary health agency whose mission is to reduce disability and death from cardiovascular diseases and stroke. Back to Top   General Fitness Health Much more than a slogan, the American College of Sports Medicine puts into practice its strategic efforts to advancing the health of all. As the largest sports medicine and exercise science organization in the world, ACSM has more than 20,000 International, National, and Regional Chapter members. ACSM's Mission Statement reflects this goal: The American College of Sports Medicine promotes and integrates scientific research, education, and practical applications of sports medicine and exercise science to maintain and enhance physical performance, fitness, health, and quality of life. The American Council on Exercise is the largest nonprofit fitness certification and education provider in the world. Widely recognized as "America's Authority on Fitness®," ACE® continually sets standards and protects the public against unqualified fitness professionals and unsafe or ineffective fitness products, programs and trends. The National Strength and Conditioning Association (NSCA) is an international nonprofit educational association. Drawing upon its vast network of members, the NSCA develops and presents the most advanced information regarding strength training and conditioning practices, injury prevention, and research findings. Unlike any other organization, the NSCA brings together a diverse group of professionals from the sport science, athletic, allied health, and fitness industries. These individuals are all in pursuit of achieving a common goal - the utilization of proper strength training and conditioning to improve athletic performance and fitness. To promote kinesiotherapy and improve recognition of the profession through the pursuit of legislation and public relations. The AKTA will serve the interests of its members and will work to enhance the standard of care provided by Kinesiotherapists through educational opportunities. The mission of the American Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation and Dance (AAHPERD) mission is to promote and support creative and healthy lifestyles through high quality programs in health, physical education, recreation, dance and sport, that increase knowledge, improve skills, and encourage sound professional practices. Back to Top   General Personal Health The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) provides leadership for a national program in diseases of the heart, blood vessels, lung, and blood; blood resources; and sleep disorders. Since October 1997, the NHLBI has also had administrative responsibility for the NIH Woman's Health Initiative. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is one of the 13 major operating components of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). Since it was founded in 1946 to help control malaria, CDC has remained at the forefront of public health efforts to prevent and control infectious and chronic diseases, injuries, workplace hazards, disabilities, and environmental health threats. Back to Top      Fitness Resources Campus Walking/Jogging Map General Nutrition Health General Heart Health General Fitness Health General Personal Health                              Visit Us  Pohl Recreation Center        1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203         Mail Us   1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.