(S'http://recsports.unt.edu/intramurals'
p1
V          Intramurals | Recreational Sports                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us   Join »  Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions   Aquatics »  Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons   Informal Rec »  Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations   Fitness »  Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events   Intramurals »  Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating   Outdoor Pursuits »  Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics   Sport Clubs »  Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates   Resources DSA Home          Search form  Search                Recreational Sports         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Recreational Sports             Main menu  Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us  JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions  AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program  Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies  FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events  IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules  Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics  Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates  Resources DSA Home                Intramurals          Recreational Sports Intramurals provides UNT students, faculty and staff with the opportunity to compete in various organized sports. Several sports have a team fee, while others are free of charge. Different leagues and divisions are set up to meet different skill levels. Team sports include flag football, basketball, volleyball, outdoor soccer, ultimate, softball, indoor soccer and sand volleyball. Individual/dual sports include climbing, tennis, table tennis, racquetball, fun runs, badminton, slam dunk contest, 3 point contest, PS4 Tournaments, Battleship,  and Texas Hold'em. For your convenience, Intramural activities are divided into four categories. Leagues \u2014 Seasons last 3 to 4 weeks, followed by 1 to 2 weeks of playoffs. Only teams that qualify will advance to the playoffs. Mini Leagues \u2014 Very similar to regular leagues except mini leagues only last 1 to 2 weeks. Playoffs are only about 2 to 5 days in length. 1-2 Day Tournaments \u2014 Team events that last only 1 to 2 days. The tournaments are round-robin format, single or double elimination. The format depends on the number of teams. Teams typically receive a minimum of 2 games. Single Day Events \u2014 Activities last for only one day. These competitions are usually head to head or tournament format. If you would like to see all of the Recreational Sports facilities, please view the Recreational Sports map (pdf). Intramural Registration and Instructions To sign up a team, create an account, or to become a free agent, visit IM Leagues at IM League Registration For instructions on signing up a team, or signing up to play see our Instructions for Signing Up       Intramurals Event Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules                              Visit Us  Pohl Recreation Center        1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203         Mail Us   1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.