(S'http://recsports.unt.edu/outdoor'
p1
V          Outdoor Pursuits | Recreational Sports                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us   Join »  Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions   Aquatics »  Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons   Informal Rec »  Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations   Fitness »  Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events   Intramurals »  Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating   Outdoor Pursuits »  Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics   Sport Clubs »  Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates   Resources DSA Home          Search form  Search                Recreational Sports         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Recreational Sports             Main menu  Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us  JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions  AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program  Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies  FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events  IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules  Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics  Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates  Resources DSA Home                Outdoor Pursuits          The Outdoor Pursuits program provides organized opportunities for adventure and challenge through three program areas: outdoor trips and clinics, indoor climbing and bouldering wall, and an outdoor resource and equipment rental center. ADVENTURE TRIPS AND CLINICS The adventure trips program is designed to prepare, educate and lead the UNT community on high quality outdoor recreation excursions. Free clinics are designed to provide expert on-site instruction in the fundamental skills necessary for safety and fun in the outdoors. Trips lasting from one to seven days offer opportunities for challenging adventure, recreation and relaxation. Hiking, backpacking, climbing, canoeing and rafting are examples of some of the trips and expeditions that are offered at reasonable costs. CLIMBING AND BOULDERING WALL The climbing and bouldering wall provides the experience of outdoor climbing under the unique natural lighting of the air-conditioned solar dome. Climbers of all ability levels can challenge themselves at one of thirteen climbing stations with more than 4,300 square feet of vertical terrain. Bouldering, top-rope, and lead climbing are available, with orientation classes designed for beginning climbers with little or no experience. Equipment rentals are available and climbing passes can be purchased with a variety of options. EQUIPMENT RENTAL AND RESOURCE CENTER This program area specializes in providing the resources necessary for planning and executing outdoor trips. Assistance with equipment selection, destination, proper use, and maintenance of equipment is available. Students, faculty, and staff will have opportunities to learn more about outdoor activities and appropriate areas to engage in outdoor recreation in the Metroplex and United States. An outdoor resource library is open to assist individuals in searching and planning for their own adventure. The Outdoor Pursuits Center also rents premium outdoor equipment for you to use on your next outdoor adventure. For all Outdoor Pursuits programs, please contact us at (940) 369-8349.       Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics                              Visit Us  Pohl Recreation Center        1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203         Mail Us   1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.