(S'http://recsports.unt.edu/outdoor/climbing'
p1
V          Climbing and Bouldering Wall | Recreational Sports                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us   Join »  Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions   Aquatics »  Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons   Informal Rec »  Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations   Fitness »  Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events   Intramurals »  Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating   Outdoor Pursuits »  Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics   Sport Clubs »  Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates   Resources DSA Home          Search form  Search                Recreational Sports         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Recreational Sports             Main menu  Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us  JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions  AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program  Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies  FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events  IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules  Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics  Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates  Resources DSA Home                Climbing and Bouldering Wall           A mountain of fun awaits you at our 45-foot indoor climbing wall! Experience the sensation of outdoor climbing under the unique, natural lighting conditions of our air-conditioned solar dome. Climbers of all ability levels can challenge themselves at one of thirteen climbing stations with more than 4,300 square feet of vertical terrain. Our full-service facility provides bouldering, top-rope, lead climbing, indoor climbing lessons and group rentals. Let the professional staff at the wall introduce you to the thrill of climbing while you improve strength, balance, and coordination. Harnesses, climbing shoes, and chalk bags are available for rental. Helmets are available at no charge. A short introductory class and or skills check is required each year. CLIMBING WALL PASSES Climbing wall passes for the Spring 2017 semester are valid from January 15 - May 13. Climbing wall passes for the Summer 2017 semester are valid May 14 - August 11. PASS TYPE COST  Summer Semester Unlimited   $30   Day Climb   $5  CLIMBING CLASSES PASS TYPE COST DURATION Skills Check $5 30 minutes Intro to Climbing  $10 2 hours Intro to Lead Climbing $10 2 hours SPECIAL EVENTS VERTICAL HAPPY HOUR Interested in trying the wall for free? Vertical Happy Hour is free climb all day long. DAY DATE   Thursday May 25 Wednesday June 21 Thursday July 20  FAMILY CLIMB WEEKENDS It's fun for the whole family! Climbers of all ages are invited to climb the 45 foot climbing wall at the Rec Center! Prices include entry into the building, a day climb pass, and climbing equipment. This is open to UNT Students, Faculty, Staff, Rec Center Members and their guests. Saturdays 3pm-7pm Sundays 3pm-8pm $11 per climber (ages 4-15) $15 per climber (ages 16+)Parents must remain with children at all times.                                 Visit Us  Pohl Recreation Center        1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203         Mail Us   1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.