(S'http://recsports.unt.edu/wfr'
p1
V          Wilderness First Responder Course | Recreational Sports                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us   Join »  Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions   Aquatics »  Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons   Informal Rec »  Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations   Fitness »  Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events   Intramurals »  Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating   Outdoor Pursuits »  Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics   Sport Clubs »  Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates   Resources DSA Home          Search form  Search                Recreational Sports         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Recreational Sports             Main menu  Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us  JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions  AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program  Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies  FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events  IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules  Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics  Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates  Resources DSA Home                Wilderness First Responder Course           Wilderness Medical Associates InternationalWFR 5-Day Course UNT Pohl Recreation Center Course Dates: May 15-19, 2017Course Cost: $675 before April 10  |  $750 April 10-May 1 REGISTRATION FOR OUR 2017 COURSE IS FULL!To be placed on the waiting list, please email Kyle.Tilton@unt.edu.  Refund/Cancellation Policy For cancellations on or before April 10, 2017 UNT will retain a $50.00 administrative fee. No refunds are given after April 11, 2017. If we cancel the course due to insufficient sign-ups or other unforeseeable circumstances, you will receive a full refund. If you are unable to participate due to injury or illness, you must submit a written request for a refund via email along with a doctor\u2019s note. Requests will be reviewed by management and if a refund credit is issued UNT will retain a $50.00 administrative fee. All refund requests must be submitted via email to Kyle.Tilton@unt.edu, and will be reviewed by the management with no guarantee of receiving a refund. Overview Wilderness First Responder (WFR) is the definitive course in medical training for outdoor educators, guides, SAR team members, and others who work or play in remote areas. The curriculum is comprehensive and practical, including all of the essential principles and skills required to assess and manage medical problems in isolated and extreme environments. The 5-day format is for individuals and sponsors with less time available for on-site training and requires 25 hours of pre-course preparation. All students must complete all pre-course work prior to arrival on course. Why Wilderness Medical Associates International? Curriculum. Based on nearly three decades of oversight and continual review by a faculty committee of medical practitioners, our curriculum is established, proven and is based on conceptual learning and critical thinking. Instructors are medical professionals who are in the field doing what they teach. They are required to complete rigorous training and bring an unprecedented amount of experience to the courses they teach. Courses devote significant time to practical sessions and realistic rescue simulations that prepare students for the stress of actual emergency situations in the field. Recognition. Teaching over 8,000 students annually, and having been teaching Wilderness First Responder and Wilderness EMT courses since the 1980's, we are the "standard by which all other wilderness medical providers are judged." Description 25 Hours Pre-Course Preparation and 45 Hours On-Site Training Class Format This course covers the same material and meets the same criteria as our standard Wilderness First Responder. It is designed for students and professionals who have tight schedules and the self-discipline to complete approximately 25 hours of pre-course preparation.  Students will have access to the WFR Study Guide two to four weeks before the course starts. They are required to complete the assigned reading, case studies, study guide, and tests. The on-site instruction that follows reinforces and expands on the knowledge already acquired. Because students arrive familiar with the didactic material, on-site daytime training can focus on wilderness and rescue scenarios and practical skills. Evenings are reserved for study and assignments. Expect rescue scenarios with made-up victims and simulated wounds to prepare you for backcountry emergencies. Sessions may be videotaped for enhanced learning.  The 5-Day WFR course has been through five years of development and testing. Conscientious preparation, studying, and time prior to the course is essential for success. This is not a short-cut version of our standard course. Established WMA International clients and other groups who are interested in this new format are encouraged to contact us about this offering. Textbooks The following teaching materials are provided by WMA International at no additional cost: Wilderness and Rescue Medicine: A guide for the basic and advanced practitioner Wilderness Medicine Workbook The Field Guide of Wilderness & Rescue Medicine WFR Class Notes and Handouts SOAP Notes Completion and Grades Successful completion with certification is based on 100% attendance, satisfactory performance on homework assignments and written quizzes, demonstrated proficiency with practical skills and a grade of 80% or better on final written exam. WMA International is committed to making reasonable accommodation to any student with special needs. Certification All eligible students who successfully complete the course will receive Wilderness First Responder, Anaphylaxis, and Healthcare Provider level CPR certifications. The CPR course is based on the 2010 ILCOR/AHA guidelines. All WMA certifications remain valid for three years. Prerequisites Students must be at least 18 years old to participate in the 5-Day WFR course. Certain course sponsors may set a higher minimum age or establish other requirements consistent with their program. No previous medical training is required. Syllabus General Concepts in Wilderness and Rescue Medicine Patient Assessment System Critical Body Systems: BLS and CPR; Anaphylaxis and Asthma Practical Skills: Lifting, Moving and Extrication; Spine Stabilization and Litter Packaging; Wound Cleaning and Exploration Environmental Topics: Exposure Control; Bites and Stings; Altitude Illness; Cold Injuries; Diving Emergencies; Thermoregulation; Lightning; Near Drowning; Avalanche Musculoskeletal Systems: Spine Injury Assessment; Musculoskeletal Injuries; Extremity Splinting; Dislocations Other: Medical Legal Issues; Soft Tissue Injury; Toxins; Search and Rescue; Backcountry Medicine; Emergency Childbirth; Medical Kits Information Contact Kyle Tilton Assistant Director - UNT Outdoor PursuitsKyle.Tilton@unt.edu 940-369-8342                               Visit Us  Pohl Recreation Center        1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203         Mail Us   1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.