(S'http://recsports.unt.edu/sportclubs/forms'
p1
V          Sport Club Forms | Recreational Sports                                   Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us History Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us   Join »  Join Types of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions   Aquatics »  Aquatics Lifeguard Program Kids Learn to Swim Adult Swim Lessons   Informal Rec »  Informal Rec Facility Policies Facilities & Reservations   Fitness »  Fitness Discovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events   Intramurals »  Intramurals Schedules Intramural Handbook Event Calendar and Officiating   Outdoor Pursuits »  Outdoor Pursuits Adventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics   Sport Clubs »  Sport Clubs Starting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates   Resources DSA Home          Search form  Search                Recreational Sports         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         Recreational Sports             Main menu  Home About UsHistory Hours Parking Pohl Recreation Center Staff Contact Us  JoinTypes of Memberships Passes & Benefits Payroll Deductions  AquaticsAdult Swim Lessons Kids Learn to Swim Lifeguard Program  Informal RecFacilities & Reservations Facility Policies  FitnessDiscovery Park Group Exercise Specialty Fitness Programs Personal Training Fitness Resources Faculty/Staff Fitness Faculty/Staff Fitness Events  IntramuralsEvent Calendar and Officiating Intramural Handbook Schedules  Outdoor PursuitsAdventure Trips Climbing and Bouldering Wall Equipment Rentals Red Point Riot Wilderness First Responder Course Free Clinics  Sport ClubsStarting a Club/General Info Club Forms Important Dates  Resources DSA Home                Sport Club Forms           Sport Club Manual  Sport Club Manual 2016-2017 Back to Top   Administrative Forms Accident Report \u2014 Must be completed after all injuries regardless of severity. This must be completed and turned in within 24 hours of the following business day. (Please make sure all information is completed and is legible). Confirmation of Sport Club Manual Form \u2014 This form is signed by the student leader as well as the faculty/staff sponsor stating that each have a solid understanding of the policies and procedures outlined in the sport club manual. Competition Schedule Donation Form Incident Report \u2014 Must be completed when an incident occurs that warrants written documentation. i.e. fighting, disorderly conduct, etc. Eligibility Form \u2014 Used when a governing body of an organization or competition needs to verify the credit hours of a student. Must be signed and notarized by the Registrar's office. (Please allow two weeks for completion). Facility Request Form \u2014 Must be completed in order to reserve any Recreational Sports facility. Submitted to Assistant Director of Sport Clubs. Faculty/Staff Sponsor Information Sheet \u2014 To be completed by Faculty/Staff Club Sponsor. Fund Raiser Proposal \u2014 Must be submitted to the Assistant Director of Sport Clubs at least two weeks prior to the start of the fund raiser. Monthly Attendance \u2014 Forms that record participation. This form must be completed by the Student Leader at each practice and submitted monthly to the Assistant Director of Sport Clubs. Officiating Payment \u2014 Forms used to pay officials. Must be completed by the official at the game site and submitted to the sport club director or graduate assistant within 24 hours of the following business day. Officials must fill out both forms. Sport Club Application Sponsorship Form \u2014 Must be submitted to sport club director anytime the sport clubs wish to contact a sponsor. Back to Top   Budget Forms 15-16 Allocated Budget Plan  15-16 Supplemental Budget Request (Jan)  15-16 Budget Proposal Form (Sept) 16-17 Budget Proposal Form (Oct)  Back to Top   Coaching Forms Sport Club Coach Information \u2014 Must be completed by prospective coaches. Allows us to verify skills and previous experience in coaching or instructing activity. Human Resources also requires us to complete their form so a background check can be performed. This is a requirement to be a coach. Back to Top   Event Hosting Event Itinerary \u2014 Must be submitted to the Assistant Director of Sport Clubs at least two months prior to an event. Event Planning Guide\u2014 This form must be submitted with the Event Itinerary. Back to Top   New Club Forms New Club Checklist \u2014 Any person wishing to form a new club must read the new club checklist to see what is required of all sport clubs. Sport Club Application \u2014 Must be filled out by clubs each year in order to request funding or recognition as an official student organization. Constitution Guide - All sport clubs must have a constitution. This guide outlines the requirements of the constitution. Facility Request Form \u2014 Must be completed in order to reserve any Recreational Sports facility. Submitted to Assistant Director of Sport Clubs. Faculty Sponsor Information Sheet \u2014 To be completed by a new faculty sponsor. Risk Management Activity Questionnaire \u2014 Must be filled out for each new club in order to assess risk of activities by club. Back to Top   Safety Checklists Pohl Recreation Center Aerobics Rooms \u2014 Must be filled out at each and every practice in the aerobics room and turned in at weekly meetings with graduate assistant. Mack Park Safety Checklist \u2014 Must be filled out at each and every practice at Mack Park and turned in at weekly meetings with graduate assistant. Fields Safety Checklist \u2014 Must be filled out at each and every practice or competition at the fields. General Safety Checklist \u2014 Must be filled out at each and every practice and turned in at weekly meetings with graduate assistant. Sailing Club Safety Checklist \u2014 Must be filled out at each and every sailing practice and turned in at weekly meetings with graduate assistant. Sailing Swim Test Form \u2014 Must be filled out before any sailing club member participates in any practices or competitions. Stovall Hall Checklist \u2014 Must be completed by supervisor prior to any practices in Stovall Hall. Wake Safety Checklist Wake Swim Test Form \u2014 Must be filled out before any wake club member participates in any practices or competitions. Back to Top   Travel Forms Request to Travel \u2014 Must be completed prior to any travel. Should be submitted two weeks in advance to receive travel advance. Mileage Chart \u2014 Calculate mileage for trips. If your destination is not found, use the website at the bottom of the chart to find the mileage. Travel Participant/Lodging List\u2014 Must be completed and turned in prior to any travel. Provides detailed information of drivers, insurance information, as well as a participant list. Entry Receipt \u2014 Student leader must complete form and have hosting institution sign in order to be reimbursed for entry fees. Hotel Reservation \u2014 A list of phone numbers to make reservations nationally for various hotels in the country. Hotel Tax Exemption \u2014 Must submit to the hotel when staying in Texas. The University does not reimburse for taxes since we are a tax-exempt institution. Reimbursement Form \u2014 Completed by student leader to keep track of expenses incurred by club members when traveling. Also used when money is distributed to club members. Competition Results \u2014 Completed by student leader after every competition. Back to Top      Sport Club Forms Sport Club Manual Administrative Forms Budget Forms Coaching Forms Event Hosting New Club Forms Safety Checklists Travel Forms                              Visit Us  Pohl Recreation Center        1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203         Mail Us   1900 Chestnut Drive Denton, Texas 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2275 recsports@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.