(S'http://125.unt.edu/tradition/traditions-university'
p1
V           Traditions of University | 125th Anniversary                         Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home Tradition »  Tradition UNT Symbols Traditions of Spirit Traditions of University   History »  History Timeline Our Story UNT Presidents   Events »  Events Wingspan Gala Event Survey   Media Gallery Memories About Shop Giving          Search form  Search                125th Anniversary         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         125th Anniversary             Main menu  Home TraditionUNT Symbols Traditions of Spirit Traditions of University  HistoryTimeline Our Story UNT Presidents  EventsWingspan Gala Event Survey  Media Gallery Memories About Shop Giving                Traditions of University            Alumni Awards At the annual UNT Alumni Awards event, we recognize alumni and friends of the university for outstanding achievement, service and support. Recipients of the awards are nominated by alumni, faculty, staff and friends of UNT. The most prestigious award, the Distinguished Alumni Award, has been presented since 1965. Also presented are the Distinguished Young Alumni Award, the Outstanding Alumni Service Award and the Ulys Knight Spirit Award. More information can be found at untalumni.com. Photo from the 2014 Alumni Awards.       University Day This spring event commemorates our change from a college to a university. First celebrated in 1961, when our name changed from North Texas State College to North Texas State University, the event includes a flag parade, music, food and celebrations of our history and traditions.       Honors Day The annual Honors Day ceremony recognizes outstanding students and other members of the university community selected by individual colleges, schools, departments and organizations. The Meritum chapter of the Mortar Board honor society began the Honors Day tradition in 1950. Today, the event is co-chaired and co-sponsored by the Division of Student Affairs and the Honors College.       Golden Eagles Each year, UNT recognizes a new Golden Eagles class, alumni who are celebrating the 50th anniversary of their graduation. Our annual Golden Eagles program takes place during Homecoming weekend and provides the newest Golden Eagles with a place to reminisce and re-connect. Photo from the Golden Eagles 1991 Homecoming.       Alma Mater Our alma mater, \u201cGlory to the Green and White,\u201d was written by two students and adopted in 1922. The words were by Charles Langford (1902-1931), who attended from 1920 to 1923. He was a baseball and football star who became a yell leader after he was sidelined by an injury. The music was composed by Julia Smith (1905-1989), who earned her degree from the college in 1924. She was known for her musical abilities and played saxophone in the band. She later gained national fame as a composer and concert pianist. The words to the alma mater were changed as we became a university. Today, we sing:  Glory to the Green and White Singing glory to the green, Singing glory to the white, For we know our university Is striving for the right. Down the corridor of years We\u2019ll forget the joys and tears, But North Texas, North Texas, we love!        Flight Memorial An annual Flight Memorial ceremony honors students, staff, faculty and alumni who have died the previous year. During the ceremony, which takes place each spring, the names of our fallen Eagles are read aloud and the bells of McConnell Tower toll in tribute. Throughout the year, when the university learns of a current student\u2019s death, the UNT flag is flown at half-staff as a sign of respect and a signal to the UNT community that we have lost one of our own.                           Visit Us  University Service Building       2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205      Mail Us  University Relations, Communications & Marketing 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017      Contact Us  940-565-2108 urcm@unt.edu                 Site last updated on February 21, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on February 21, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.