(S'http://recovery.unt.edu/'
p1
V          The UNT Collegiate Recovery Program | Collegiate Recovery Program                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About Us »  About Us Staff   Student Services »  Student Services Scholarships Recovery Housing Meeting Schedule CRP Admission   Resources Events »  Events Spring Art Gala            Search form  Search                Collegiate Recovery Program         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Collegiate Recovery Program             Main menu  Home About UsStaff  Student ServicesCRP Admission Meeting Schedule Recovery Housing Scholarships  Resources EventsSpring Art Gala                 The UNT Collegiate Recovery Program          Quick Links  CRP Admission Recovery Housing Meeting Schedule Eagle Peer Recovery Recovery Blog Department of Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation Spring Art Gala         UNT CRP Objectives Empower students to promote quality of life improvements. Enhance a substance-free and responsible-use campus climate. Augment academic success through recovery seminars and peer engagement. Provide formalized training courses for workforce development in the peer recovery, addiction treatment and prevention fields. Advance peer-to-peer and service opportunities for students. Emphasize social support as a mechanism for initiating positive lifestyle changes. Promote recovery from substance use disorders, behavioral (process) addictions, and mental health illness by providing support and services to self-identified recovering college students. Improve positive citizen engagement.                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        410 Avenue C, Suite 134 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-369-5358 recovery@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.