(S'http://accreditation.unt.edu/accreditation'
p1
V          Accreditation | Office for University Accreditation                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Our Staff Accreditation Institutional Effectiveness (TracDat) Student Achievement Resources   SACSCOC Links » SACSCOC Website Principles of Accreditation Policies, Guidelines, Good Practices and Publications   UNT Reaffirmation » Roadmap to Reaffirmation Quality Enhancement Plan (QEP)          Search form  Search                Office for University Accreditation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Accreditation Office for University Accreditation             Main menu  Our Staff Accreditation Institutional Effectiveness (TracDat) Student Achievement Resources                 SACSCOC Links  SACSCOC Website Principles of Accreditation Policies, Guidelines, Good Practices and Publications      UNT Reaffirmation  Roadmap to Reaffirmation Quality Enhancement Plan (QEP)         Accreditation        SACSCOC Links  SACSCOC Website Principles of Accreditation Policies, Guidelines, Good Practices and Publications      UNT Reaffirmation  Roadmap to Reaffirmation Quality Enhancement Plan (QEP)       The University of North Texas is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges to award baccalaureate, master\u2019s and doctorate degrees. Contact the Commission on Colleges at 1866 Southern Lane, Decatur, Georgia 30033-4097 or call 404-679-4500 for questions about the accreditation of the University of North Texas. Note: The Commission should be contacted only if there is evidence that appears to support the institution\u2019s significant non-compliance with a requirement or standard. Normal inquiries about UNT, such as admission requirements, financial aid, and educational programs, should be addressed directly to UNT and not the Commission\u2019s office. Initial Accreditation:  January 1, 1925Reaffirmed: December 6, 2016Next Reaffirmation:  2026 The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC) is the regional body for the accreditation of degree-granting higher education institutions in the Southern states. It serves as the common denominator of shared values and practices among the diverse institutions in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Latin America and other international sites approved by the Commission that award associate, baccalaureate, master\u2019s, or doctoral degrees. Title IV of the Higher Education Act requires that higher education institutions receiving federal funds be accredited by an accrediting agency recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education.  SACSCOC is recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as a regional accrediting agency. To maintain accreditation, an institution must comply with the standards contained in the Principles of Accreditation: Foundations for Quality Enhancement and with SACSCOC policies. Institutional accreditation is a voluntary, non-governmental peer review process overseen by the higher education community that assures academic quality, accountability, and continuous improvement of member institutions. Institutional accreditation by a recognized regional accrediting agency qualifies University students to apply for federal financial aid and University researchers to apply for federally funded research grants.  Accreditation status also affirms for other institutions the value of credits qualifying for transfer.  States rely on accreditation to judge whether institutions or programs are of a quality to merit licensing or funding.                        Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg        Suite 360 1501 W. Chestnut Street Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University Accreditation       1155 Union Circle #313001 Denton, TX  76203-5017       Contact Us   940.565.2453 ashley.wood@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on January 24, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on January 24, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.