(S'http://accreditation.unt.edu/institutional-effectiveness-tracdat'
p1
V          Institutional Effectiveness (TracDat) | Office for University Accreditation                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Our Staff Accreditation Institutional Effectiveness (TracDat) Student Achievement Resources   SACSCOC Links » SACSCOC Website Principles of Accreditation Policies, Guidelines, Good Practices and Publications   UNT Reaffirmation » Roadmap to Reaffirmation Quality Enhancement Plan (QEP)   TracDat Login » Login          Search form  Search                Office for University Accreditation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Accreditation Office for University Accreditation             Main menu  Our Staff Accreditation Institutional Effectiveness (TracDat) Student Achievement Resources                Institutional Effectiveness (TracDat)                TracDat Login  Login       Institutional Effectiveness (IE) The Office of University Accreditation (UA) supports the ongoing process of collecting and analyzing data and implementing data-informed decisions as related to the goals and outcomes of the UNT mission. UA manages the TracDat database for institutional effectiveness (IE) plans, and reports institutional effectiveness to the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC).       Why do we have Institutional Effectiveness plans at UNT? The Institutional Effectiveness process is focused on improving UNT\u2019s student learning outcomes and services, while increasing student success and institutional quality.  Not only is it the right thing to do for our students and UNT, but including continuous improvement and innovation as part of the institutional culture ensures that student success and achievement are at the forefront of our mission. UNT has built Institutional Effectiveness plans using TracDat for all degrees and graduate certificates; as well as administrative, academic and student support, research and public service units.  In addition, UNT assesses the student learning outcomes of general education courses (Core curriculum classes) in TracDat.  All of these plans align with SACSCOC Comprehensive Standard 3.3.1.      The SACSCOC Comprehensive Standard 3.3.1 states: The institution identifies expected outcomes, assesses the extent to which it achieves these outcomes, and provides evidence of improvement based on analysis of the results in each of the following areas: 3.3.1.1   educational programs, to include student learning outcomes 3.3.1.2  administrative support services 3.3.1.3  academic and student support services 3.3.1.4  research within its mission, if appropriate 3.3.1.5  community/public service within its mission, if appropriate -- SACSCOC  The Principles of Accreditation:  Foundations for Quality Enhancement      How does UNT document institutional effectiveness? In 2008, UNT adopted TracDat as the university-wide database for the collection and storage of academic and administrative assessment plans.  University Accreditation (UA) oversees the administration of the TracDat database.  UNT\u2019s Strategic Plan goals, program objectives and copies of assessments, results and future plans are stored in the database, allowing for outcomes to be tracked across time.  Each assessment plan is reviewed and critiqued annually, in accordance with UNT\u2019s Institutional Effectiveness Plan.        Who reviews UNT Institutional Effectiveness plans? In addition to the UA office, UNT utilizes peer-review committees to evaluate IE plans.  These committees score plans according to a rubric; provide feedback; and meet with those needing support.  The Office of University Accreditation is thankful for these voluntary members\u2019 service and dedication to UNT\u2019s institutional effectiveness process: Academic Institutional Effectiveness Review Committee Administrative Institutional Effectiveness Review Committee       UNT Institutional Effectiveness Timeline * *Please note that the assessment of The Core is not managed by UA.  Inquiries about timelines for Core assessment data should be directed to Dr.Jeanne Tunks, Director of the Core, at 940.369.5151.  This timeline is only for IE purposes, and not for Core assessment. September 2015 \u2013 August 2016  Assessments occur Data are collected and analyzed Results are entered in TracDat A copy of the results are uploaded in TracDat Recommendations for improvement entered in TracDat      October 15, 2016  Final 2015-16 plans due with completed results, evidence, and recommendations with follow-up on 2014-15 recommendations     2016-17 new/updated outcomes, methods of assessment with criterion statements and uploaded samples/supporting documents are due     Plan Audits take place (Quantity, not Quality)      November 2016 \u2013 April 2017  Peer Committee Review and scoring of 2015-16 IE reports in TracDat occur (Reviewing for Quality)     Feedback provided to the IE Plan owners      October 15, 2017  Final 2016-17 plans due with completed results and recommendations     2017-18 new/updated outcomes, methods of assessment with criterion statements and uploaded samples/supporting documents are due        What tools are available to help with IE plans and TracDat? The UA office is always available to support TracDat users with their IE plans.  In additional to one-on-one support, the office has provided some tools assist with institutional effectiveness efforts.  Please contact the UA office if you have any questions. Common Myths on UNT\u2019s Institutional Effectiveness Process for Administrative Units. Institutional Effectiveness & TracDat Tools  UNT 2016-17 Program of Institutional Effectiveness   This is UNT\u2019s program of institutional effectiveness for the academic year 2016-17.   2016 TracDat and Institutional Effectiveness Guidelines     This is a copy of the presentation for the new TracDat v5 interface provided in Fall 2016 as a refresher and new user training.   2016 Peer Review Rubric     This is a copy of the rubric used by the peer-review committees to score IE plans for feedback to IE plan owners.   How to hide inactive/complete outcomes     TracDat users can hide (filter) their inactive assessment methods and completed outcomes to simplify the work with active outcomes.   How to reveal hidden inactive/complete outcomes     TracDat users can follow these steps to reveal inactive or completed outcomes that are filtered.   TracDat Instructions for assessing the Core     Reporting assessment for the Core is a separate process that also uses TracDat.  Follow these instructions for building assessment methods and reporting results for the Core.        Other Assessment Organizations Assessment Commons \u2013 Most comprehensive site about higher education resources                 Main page: http://assessmentcommons.org/ Association of American Colleges & Universities (AAC&U) \u2013 Access to their VALUE rubrics very helpful to many practitioners                 Main page: https://www.aacu.org/                 Link to VALUE rubric page: https://www.aacu.org/value/rubrics National Institute for Learning Outcomes Assessment (NILOA) \u2013 Well organized site that provides reports, occasional papers, blogs, etc. from national assessment leaders. In addition NILOA features some of the best institutional assessment sites.                 Main page: http://www.learningoutcomesassessment.org/   Link to useful institutional websites:   http://www.learningoutcomesassessment.org/FeaturedWebsiteCurrent.html                     Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg        Suite 360 1501 W. Chestnut Street Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University Accreditation       1155 Union Circle #313001 Denton, TX  76203-5017       Contact Us   940.565.2453 ashley.wood@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on January 24, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on January 24, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.