(S'http://accreditation.unt.edu/resources'
p1
V          Resources | Office for University Accreditation                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Our Staff Accreditation Institutional Effectiveness (TracDat) Student Achievement Resources   SACSCOC Links » SACSCOC Website Principles of Accreditation Policies, Guidelines, Good Practices and Publications   UNT Reaffirmation » Roadmap to Reaffirmation Quality Enhancement Plan (QEP)   TracDat Login » Login          Search form  Search                Office for University Accreditation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Accreditation Office for University Accreditation             Main menu  Our Staff Accreditation Institutional Effectiveness (TracDat) Student Achievement Resources                Resources         Assessment Organizations Assessment Commons \u2013 Most comprehensive site about higher education resources                 Main page: http://assessmentcommons.org/ Association of American Colleges & Universities (AAC&U) \u2013 Access to their VALUE rubrics very helpful to many practitioners                 Main page: https://www.aacu.org/                 Link to VALUE rubric page: https://www.aacu.org/value/rubrics National Institute for Learning Outcomes Assessment (NILOA) \u2013 Well organized site that provides reports, occasional papers, blogs, etc. from national assessment leaders. In addition NILOA features some of the best institutional assessment sites.                 Main page: http://www.learningoutcomesassessment.org/   Link to useful institutional websites:   http://www.learningoutcomesassessment.org/FeaturedWebsiteCurrent.html   Faculty Credentialing Faculty credentialing at UNT is administered through the Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs.  The Chief Human Resource Officer for faculty is the Vice Provost for Academic Resources.   Program Review UNT conducts periodic reviews of all academic degree programs in order to promote academic quality and productivity and to assure alignment with UNT\u2019s mission. Academic programs are reviewed in the context of an overall departmental review. The department, dean, graduate dean, provost and vice president for academic affairs use the results to guide university planning, determine program directions, establish objectives, shape institutional goals and promote institutional effectiveness. The Office of Data, Analytics, & Institutional Research is responsible for coordinating the program review process. Although most programs are reviewed every 7 years, a program can be reviewed outside the typical 7-year cycle, at the request of the supervising dean.   Qualtrics The Office of University Accreditation maintains a contract with Qualtrics to assist college, department and program administrators in the development of effective, standardized survey instruments.  Access to this software is available through the MyUNT  web portal.  Need help with your Qualtrics survey? Here are some resources to get you started: Qualtrics University \u2014 offers FREE resources, such as online training modules, webinars, FAQs and other helpful tools. You can also contact Qualtrics via e-mail or phone at 1-800-340-9194.  Ready to get started with Qualtrics? Click  here to learn the quick and easy 5 steps to getting started with your first Qualtrics survey!  Please contact Ashley Wood at (940) 565-2628 if you need any assistance. If you need additional assistance, contact University Accreditation at (940)565-2453   Specialized Program Accreditation The University of North Texas is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges to award baccalaureate, master\u2019s and doctorate degrees. Contact the Commission on Colleges at 1866 Southern Lane, Decatur, Georgia 30033-4097 or call 404-679-4500 for questions about the accreditation of the University of North Texas. Note: The Commission should be contacted only if there is evidence that appears to support the institution\u2019s significant non-compliance with a requirement or standard. Normal inquiries about UNT, such as admission requirements, financial aid, and educational programs, should be addressed directly to UNT and not the Commission\u2019s office. In addition, the University of North Texas offers programs accredited by the following specialized organizations: AACSB International \u2014 The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business ABET ABET-Computing Accreditation Commission ABET-Technology Accreditation Commission Accreditation Commission for Programs in Hospitality Administration Accrediting Council on Education in Journalism and Mass Communications American Association of Forensic Science American Chemical Society American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages American Library Association American Psychological Association American Speech-Language-Hearing Association Association for Behavior Analysis International Association for Childhood Education International Association for Middle Level Education Commission on English Language Program Accreditation Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs Council for Interior Design Accreditation Council on Rehabilitation Education Council on Social Work Education Development, Family Studies, and Early Childhood Education National Accreditation Commission for Early Care and Education Programs National Association of Schools of Art and Design National Association of Schools of Music National Association of Schools of Public Affairs and Administration National Association for Sport and Physical Education National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education National Council for the Social Studies National Recreation and Park Association/American Association of Leisure and Recreation Council on Accreditation Texas State Board for Educator Certification                        Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg        Suite 360 1501 W. Chestnut Street Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University Accreditation       1155 Union Circle #313001 Denton, TX  76203-5017       Contact Us   940.565.2453 ashley.wood@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on January 24, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on January 24, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.