(S'http://www.unt.edu/pais/vwbk/'
p1
V                 Freshman Overview                                               Skip to main content           Freshman Overview   Menu            Call us Email Us UNT Map  HomeAcademicsCampus LifeLocationCostsCareerNext StepsPopular links  Back Apply Now  Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents                  Freshman Overview              Apply Now  Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents                  Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps            Apply Now  Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents              Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps      Freshman Overview               This is UNT Get ready for a college experience that\u2019s as unique as you are, in a place where you can explore your passions, find your place and achieve your dreams.Welcome to the Mean Green family.  watch the full video         One-of-a-kind Incredibly diverse A little quirky Fueled by innovation             Northof ordinary At the University of North Texas, we\u2019re anything but average. We\u2019re the friendliest, most creative university in Texas and we\u2019re also known for academic excellence and affordability. We\u2019ve been recognized by Forbes, The Princeton Review and U.S. News & World Report, just to name a few. Get ready to defy expectations, skip the ordinary and jump right in.            Incredibly diverse Our students represent 50 states, 130 countries and all walks of life. Our 101 bachelor\u2019s degree programs mean you can major in anything from Accounting to Forensic Science, from Biomedical Engineering to Jazz Studies.           A little quirky You might spot a sweater-bombed statue when the first cold snap hits or see someone riding a unicycle around campus. We\u2019re also slightly obsessed with our albino squirrels, since spotting one is said to bring good luck.                      Fueled by innovation Since 1890, we\u2019ve been focused on finding new solutions and paving new paths. We pioneer technologies, create beautiful works of art and make remarkable discoveries.          It's time to take the next step...   Apply Now   Take a Tour   Get More Info   Talk with Us       Top                            Main Menu Home Academics Campus Life Location Costs Career Next Steps  University Links  Apply Now  Take a Tour Get More Info Talk with Us Get Social For Parents  Email & Phone   unt.freshmen@unt.edu  940-565-2681    Freshman Overview    Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277           Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information  Call us Email Us UNT Map               Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links              
p2
t.