(S'http://dean.library.unt.edu/Main_Page'
p1
V   Dean                      Main Page  From Dean  Jump to: navigation, search         Strategic Plan 2015-2018 The UNT Libraries announced a new  Strategic Plan for the 2015 - 2018 period.  This plan sets out a new series of goals for coming years.  Highlights include a Scholarly Communication Transformation initiative, an Information Fluency initiative, and several other new programs.   UNT Music Library 75th Anniversary Symposium It was my great pleasure last Friday, April 22, 2016 to open the symposium honoring the 75th anniversary of the University of North Texas Music Library.   Completion of the UNT Libraries 2010-2015 Strategic Plan We are delighted to be able to announce the successful completion of the UNT Libraries 2010-2015 Strategic Plan.  All goals and objectives of the plan were accomplished, with remarkable results.  A report will be issued and discussed with campus constituencies in future.   Greetings from the Dean As the Dean of Libraries, it is my great pleasure to welcome to all visitors to the web sites of the University of North Texas Libraries! For more about me see the  About Me.  You are reading the home page of the Dean's wiki, a site for dissemination of information from my office to the faculty, staff and students of UNT.  Please drop by to find information about the most recent news from the Dean's office. For example, see the 2014 snapshot or the 2011 highlights article  for information on what we've been up to here at UNT.   UNT Libraries Snapshot Take a look at this snapshot of the UNT Libraries.  Quality collections, innovative programs, and productive partnerships drive the UNT Libraries as we make information available, accessible, and applicable on campus, in the region, and around the world. With a creative blend of leading edge digital technology, fundamental library services, and genuine personal interest in our patrons, UNT Libraries empower and equip students to succeed academically, support and showcase the scholarly and artistic works of UNT\u2019s faculty, and engage with and extend resources to the community.   2012 Report The UNT Libraries occasionally produces a report on activities that provides a broad overview of library operations and activities.   CLICK HERE for the most recently published report.   Recent Highlights It is my pleasure to share a  few selected highlights from recent years of Library accomplishments that I submitted in years past for the President's Annual Report. There are always many noteworthy events, these are just some selected items that tell the recent story of the UNT Libraries in a compelling way.   Library Master Plan In November 2011 PSA-Dewberry completed a  Master Plan for the University of North Texas Libraries. This comprehensive 20 year vision for the future of library facilities at UNT will inform future planning.   Strategic Plan 2011-2015 The UNT Libraries completed a new  Strategic Plan in October of 2011.  This plan has been vetted to the UNT faculty and administration, and was finalized in the Fall of 2011.  It sets forth a goal of becoming a top tier research library by 2015.   Other Planning Topics See the  "About Me" for more information on me, Dr. Martin Halbert. I assumed the leadership of the UNT Libraries in October 2009 (click here for a news story on my becoming Dean of Libraries at the University of North Texas.   Click here for a retrospective on my first eight months, which was a remarkable period for me, both in terms of the normal experience of starting a new job as well as the major transitional events that have transpired here at the University of North Texas during this time.  I have also written up a  brief prospective plan for the next year, focusing on the library goals in the UNT Strategic Research Plan and the concomitant goals elaborated in more detail in library strategic planning documents. I initiated a series of  strategic planning activities when I arrived at UNT, including a space planning effort, an organizational restructuring working group, an overhaul of librarian's status and the professional affairs committee, and several other efforts that you can read about  here.  We recently announced the results of the  organizational restructuring working group. The University of North Texas engaged in a six month effort to develop a new strategic research plan for the campus.  I participated in this planning effort as one of the editors of the plan, with a special focus on the library portions of the plan.           Recent Articles The following are some recent articles that have appeared on this wiki.    New 2015-2018 Strategic Plan  Completion of the 2010-2015 Strategic Plan  2016 LDC Org Chart  UNT Libraries Strategic Priorities 2014-2017.  UNT Libraries Master Plan released in November 2011.  UNT Libraries Strategic Plan 2011-2015 released in October 2011.  Report by Charles Forrest about space planning for the UNT Libraries        Older Articles The following is a comprehensive list of articles and links to older essays:   Report by Charles Forrest about space planning for the UNT Libraries  Highlights of the 2009-2010 year in the UNT Libraries  A brief prospective plan for my goals in the June 2010 \u2013 May 2011 Period  A retrospective on my first eight months as Dean at UNT My account of the  2010 International Internet Preservation Consortium General Assembly meeting.  House Bill 51 A brief introduction to House Bill 51 and its impacts on higher education in Texas.  Library Strategic Planning FY10 Here is a brief overview of the strategic planning efforts that I initiated when I arrived at UNT.  Library Organizational Structure Plan 2010 The new library organization.  CNI Spring 2010 Meeting My notes from the Spring CNI meeting. Some highlights of the UNT Libraries         Notes on UNT See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UNT    .     Retrieved from "http://dean.library.unt.edu/wiki/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=857"        Views   Page Discussion View source History     Personal tools   Log in             Navigation   Main page Current events Recent changes UNT Libraries Website UNT Website     Search                Tools   What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link            This page was last modified on 25 January 2017, at 18:04. This page has been accessed 179,463 times. Privacy policy About Dean Disclaimers     
p2
t.