(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search~S7/X'
p1
V                  UNT Libraries: Music Catalog                                    Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.       Music Library Catalog Search      This form will help you search for music-related items owned by the UNT Libraries.           Enter Search Terms  Field 1  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 1  Boolean 1  And And not Or   Field 2  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 2  Boolean 2  And And not Or   Field 3  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 3  Boolean 3  And And not Or   Field 4  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 4        Instrumentation & Voice Search Are you looking for scores or recordings for specific instruments, voices, or ensembles? Try this tool.     Location:        Material:       Audio:  ANY LP CD CD Audiobook Audiobook Device Cassette           Language:  ANY Bengali Chinese Danish Dutch English Farsi French German Greek, Ancient Hebrew Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Latin Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish       Publisher:        Publication Year Range:    to         Search and Sort: sorted by relevancesorted by datesorted by title       Ready to Submit?   Limit search to available items     Submit   Clear Form    Other Music-Related Searches  Music Library Digital Collections Explore contributions from the music library to the digital library.  Includes both digital audio and print materials from the College of Music, the Lully, Conover, & Kenton Collections, as well as many other items. Electronic Resources in Music Subscription-based electronic resources.  Off-Campus Users should login for access. Radio Station & Song Collections Catalog Find popular-music titles from the Music Library's WBAP, WFAA, and Song collections, plus songs published in Sheet Music Magazine and Piano Today.   Search Tips    Case Sensitivity All searches are converted to lowercase by the system. There is no difference between searching for "Jean Baudrillard" and "jean baudrillard."    Adjacency Multiple words are searched together as one phrase. Example : world health organization   Wildcards  Words may be right-hand truncated using an asterisk ('*') in place of other characters.                    The '*' wildcard may also be embedded in a search string. You may use '?' to replace a single character anywhere within a word. Examples : environment* polic*, wom?n   Boolean Operators  Use "and" or "or" to specify multiple words in any field, any order. Use "and not" to exclude words. Example : stocks and bonds Example : (alaska or canada) and (adventure and not vacation)   Field limits  A field limit causes the system to search only the specified field for the specified word(s).   Grouping  Keyword search results are usually grouped by relevance to bring the most likely titles to the top of the list. Each group represents a similar level of relevance and results are sorted within the group by date or title. To get an ungrouped result set, use boolean operators to form a complex query.    Proximity Operators  Use "near" to specify words close to each other, in any order. Example : california near university                Instrumentation And Voice Search  This form allows you to search for specific combinations of instruments and voices.  Select the type of instrument, voice, or ensemble. Specify the number  for Choral, this is the number of parts.  for Percussion, this is the number of performers.  For combinations of instruments, click " Add More." click " Remove" if you add too many instruments/voices.  Click the "Submit Search Now" button or add additional search criteria like keywords or language with "Add Other Criteria"  Note: Whatever combination you create here will be injected into the first search field in the form as specialized code.  Any existing values will be overwritten.  Add other keywords/terms in the additional inputs & limit your search using the remaining input fields.        Instrument/Voice Family   Brass Woodwinds   Strings: Bowed Strings: Plucked   Vocal Range   Choral Instrumental Chamber Ensemble   Keyboard Percussion   Electronic Unknown Unspecified instruments     Specific Instrument/Voice  HornTrumpetCornetTromboneTubaBaritoneUnspecifiedUnknownEthnicOther    Number  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 any     Add More  Remove                           Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                    
p2
t.