(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search~S6/X'
p1
V                  UNT Libraries: Media Catalog                                    Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.       Media Library Catalog Search      This form will help you search for film and other multimedia-related items owned by the UNT Libraries.           Enter Search Terms   Search Tips      Field 1  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 1  Boolean 1  And And not Or   Field 2  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 2  Boolean 2  And And not Or   Field 3  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 3  Boolean 3  And And not Or   Field 4  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 4       Material: ANY Audio Books Books Computer Files DVDs, VHS Tapes, and Films       Audio:  ANY LP CD CD Audiobook Audiobook Device Cassette        Video: ANY DVD DVD Blu-Ray Online Media VHS Laserdisc 16mm       Videogame:   ANY Console games Computer games Handheld games       Publisher:        Publication Year Range:    to         Search and Sort: sorted by relevancesorted by datesorted by title       Ready to Submit?   Limit search to available items     Submit   Clear Form    Other Media-Related Information  Foreign Language Films Browse foreign language films owned by the Media Library. Gaming Collection Browse video games and equipment available at the Media Library. Read more about the Gaming Collection UNT Libraries Streaming Media A collection of online video available to UNT students, faculty, and staff. Read more about online video services. Media Library Web page Information about the media library including policies, services, and other relevant information for both students, faculty, and community members. New Media Purchases  See what materials have been added to the Media Library collection in the last 30 days. Number Search Use an Other Call Number search to find Media Library call numbers.    Search Tips   General Catalog Search Overview Effective Keywords Advanced Searching Call Numbers              Keyword/Any Field     A broad search across the indexed text of an item. Includes  information about the item's title(s), subject(s), author(s) as well as various  textual notes such as table of contents, summaries, etc. Author     Includes directors, actors, crew, production companies and  many other named entities. Many names are normalized within the catalog for  organizational purposes. Knowing a little about the  person (first, last name, birth/death dates) helps.   Example of Director/ Actor: Coppola,  Frances Ford       Example of Company: Sony Pictures  Classic   Title  A phrase search associated with the various titles of an  item. Can include main titles, series title or episode title.  Include (Television Program) after the  title to help limit results to a specific television show or series.    Example of film title:  Cat On a Hot Tin Roof  Example of television series: NOVA  (Television Program)  Example of Television Series:  Sopranos (Television Program)  Example of television episode:  Once More With Feeling  Subjects & Genre  Headings     Subjects and genres can both be found with Subject search.  Use the keyword search if you are unsure of an exact term as subjects are  indexed in that search.   Example of subject: Civil Rights  Example of subject: Child Psychology  Example of Genres: Western Films  Example of Genres: Short Films   A list of popular film genre headings can be found here.      For more complex subject searches, see this tutorial Call Number  To match a call number to a Media Library item, use the  Number search (linked from the right-sidebar of the screen), and specify: Local Call Number.       For a list of call number types, visit Media Library  Formats page. Boolean Operators      The words and, or, not, before, after, near, and within may be included in the  search expression to refine the search or to override word adjacency. These  operators may be entered in either uppercase, lowercase, or mixed case (e.g.,  NOT, not, and Not are equivalent).   Example : Brecht AND Performance   Example : Mercury AND NOT Planet               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                    
p2
t.