(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20A'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database A in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                Result Page   1 2 Next               Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-50 of 67)     Database A            1                  A-R Editions Online Music Anthology    A-R Editions Online Music Anthology contains music scores edited and presented for music history courses. The Online Music Anthology contains content from antiquity through the romantic era, with extensive contents for the Middle Ages, Renaissance, and Baroque. Many of the works are presented in their entirety.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  ABI/INFORM    ABI Inform provides full text and abstracts of articles in journals, magazines, and newspapers covering a wide range of topics in business and industry. Dates of Coverage: 1923 \u2013 Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Academic search complete    Academic Search Complete provides a scholarly collection providing full text coverage for over 10,500  journals  for nearly all academic areas of study - including social sciences, humanities, education, computer sciences, engineering, language and linguistics, arts & literature, medical sciences, and ethnic studies, etc. Dates of Coverage: 1975 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Academic video online    Academic Video Online  a cross-search tool for Alexander Street Press Video databases. This interface will search across the following streaming video collections: Theatre in Video, Opera in Video, Dance in Video, Ethnographic Video Online, Education in Video and Counseling and Therapy in Video.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Access Newspaper Archive    NewspaperARCHIVE.com contains tens of millions of newspaper pages from 1607 to present. Every newspaper in the archive is fully searchable by keyword and date, making it easy to quickly explore historical content.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Access world news    Access World News provides full-text information from over 600 U.S. and over 700 international news sources. Includes newspapers, newsmagazines, news wires, and transcripts. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Accessible Archives    An online history archive providing full access to Godey's Lady's Books, African American Newspapers, Twelve Years a Slave and many more primary documents.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  ACM digital library    ACM Digital Library bibliographic citations, abstracts, reviews, and full text for articles published in ACM proceedings and periodicals, covering computer science and engineering, as well as more general computing topics. Dates of Coverage: 1954 - Present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  ACS Symposium Series    ACS (American Chemical Society) Publications maintains a comprehensive collection of peer-reviewed publications in the chemical and related sciences, with more than 40 journals across a broad spectrum of scientific disciplines, mainly in chemistry, physics, and biology. Their respective topics include agriculture, chemistry, biology, environmental science, materials science, among others.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Acta sanctorum the full text database.    Acta Sanctorum Database A collection of documents in Latin examining the lives of saints, organized according to each saint's feast day. Dates of Coverage: 1643-1940.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Ad*Access    Ad*Access A collection of historical advertisements. It includes over 7,000 ads, mainly from U.S. publications  Dates of Coverage: 1911 - 1955  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  African American History    American Memory, established and maintained by the Library of Congress, provides free and open access through the Internet to written and spoken words, sound recordings, still and moving images, prints, maps, and sheet music that document the American experience. These particular collections contain documents that pertain to the history of African Americans. Date coverage ranges from 1700s to 1900s, with materials such as phamplets, maps, audio interviews, photographs, and more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  African American music reference    African American Music Reference offers the first comprehensive coverage of blues, jazz, spirituals, civil rights songs, slave songs, minstrelsy, rhythm and blues, gospel, and other forms of black American musical expression and it is the only electronic access to this information. Resources include biographies, anthologies, encyclopedias, images, lyrics (digitized and fully searchable), songsheets, chronologies, critical textbooks, a complete discography of the top African American artists, and links to editorially selected Web resources. Rare and previously unpublished items are included. Dates of Coverage: 1900s - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  African American Newspapers      Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  AgEcon search research in agricultural and applied economics.    AgEcon Search Full-text open access library of scholarly articles on agricultural economics, including subdisciplines such as agribusiness, food supply, natural resource economics, environmental economics, policy issues, agricultural trade, and economic development. Maintained at the University of Minnesota by Magrath Library and the Department of Applied Economics. Dates of Coverage: 1995 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Ageline    Ageline via Ebscohost produced by AARP and is the primary research database for social gerontology. Sources indexed include journals, books, book chapters, reports, and consumer guides and citations include abstracts provided by AARP. Over 600 scholarly and consumer-oriented serials are reviewed on a regular basis.  Dates of Coverage: 1978 - Current, with selective coverage from 1966 to 1977.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  AGRICOLA    AGRICOLA covers all aspects of agriculture and allied disciplines, such as animal and veterinary sciences, entomology, plant sciences, forestry, aquaculture and fisheries, farming systems, agricultural economics, extension and education, food and human nutrition, and earth and environmental sciences.  This resource provides more than 5 million citations to journal articles, monographs, theses, patents, software, audiovisual materials, and technical reports.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  Alexander Street Press      Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  Alt HealthWatch    Provides the full text of articles from periodicals, peer-reviewed reports, proceedings as well as association and consumer newsletters. It focuses on the many perspectives of complementary, holistic and integrated approaches to health care and wellness, and includes hundreds of pamphlets, booklets, special reports, original research and book excerpts.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  Alternative press index.    Alternative Press Index  indexes nearly 300 alternative, radical and left periodicals, newspapers and magazines covering cultural, economic, political and social change. Coverage is international and interdisciplinary. Dates of Coverage:  1991 to present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   21                  Ambrose video 2.0    Ambrose Video 2.0 provides access to video productions of 37 Shakespeare plays produced by the BBC between the years of 1978 - 1984. Each play is broken down into acts and is closed captioned.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   22                  America, history and life    America: History and Life provides  access to abstracts of journal articles and citations to book/media reviews and dissertations gleaned from over 1700 journal titles dealing with the history of the United States and Canada. Writings in over 40 languages are included. All abstracts, are written in English. Dates of Coverage: 1954 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   23                  American Chemical Society Journals    ACS (American Chemical Society) publishes more than 40 peer-reviewed journals with articles across a broad spectrum of scientific disciplines which include chemistry, physics, and biology. The Web Edition platform helps ACS present cutting-edge content, allowing users to view articles as they\u2019re published.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   24                  American County Histories      Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   25                  American Doctoral Dissertations, 1933 - 1955    Index includes nearly 100,000 dissertations from 1933 through 1955.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   26                  American Indian Histories and Cultures    The wide range of material included in American Indian Histories and Cultures presents a unique insight into interactions between American Indians and Europeans from their earliest contact, continuing through the turbulence of the American Civil War, the on-going repercussions of government legislation, right up to the civil rights movement of the mid- to late-twentieth century. This resource contains material from the Newberry Library\u2019s extensive Edward E. Ayer Collection; one of the strongest archival collections on American Indian history in the world.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   27                  American Indian Movement and Native American Radicalism    This digitized collection of Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) documents chronicles the evolution of the American Indian Movement (AIM) as an organization of social protest. There is additional documentation on the 1973 Wounded Knee Stand-off. Informant reports and materials collected by the Extremist Intelligence Section of the FBI provide insight into the motives, actions, and leadership of AIM and the development of Native American radicalism. Documents are full-text searchable and can be downloaded as a PDF.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   28                  American Mathematical Society (AMS)    American Mathematical Society (AMS) full text journals and eBooks about mathematical literature.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   29                  American Memory: The 19th Century in Print      Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   30                  American Physiological Society Journals    The American Physiological Society publishes a number of peer-reviewed journals that cover the entire spectrum of physiology, from the cellular and molecular to the organ and system level.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   31                  American Phytopathological Society Journals    The American Phytopathological Society (APS) is the premier society dedicated to high quality, innovative plant pathology research. APS has published significant breakthroughs in plant pathology, mycology, virology, bacteriology, nematology, and related disciplines for more than one-hundred years. APS publishes a diversity of resources in print and online form, including basic and applied research journals, reference and textbooks, webcasts, and database tools.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   32                  American Rhetoric online speech bank    American Rhetoric Online Speech Bank Database of and index to 5000+ full text, audio and video versions of public speeches, sermons, legal proceedings, lectures, debates, interviews, other recorded media events Dates of Coverage: 18th Century -current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   33                  American song    American Song a definitive source for American roots music and pre-1960 American popular music. Included are hundreds of powerful recordings by artists such as Woody Guthrie, Pete Seeger, Peggy Seeger, Si Kahn, Lead Belly, Sleepy LaBeef, the New Lost City Ramblers, Otis Clay, Eddy The Chief Clearwater, Nanci Griffith, The Lilly Brothers, Merle Travis, Ma Rainey, Mahalia Jackson, Alberta Hunter, Tampa Red, William Bunk Johnson, Duke Ellington, Sophie Tucker, Joe Turner, T-Bone Walker, Sarah Vaughn, Cripple Clarence Lofton, Big Joe Williams, Memphis Jug Band, Roosevelt Sykes, Dizzy Gillespie, Chicago River Kings, Muddy Waters, Blind Willie McTell, and others.  Dates of Coverage: 1900s \u2013 present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   34                  American West    From early topographical sketches and pioneers\u2019 accounts, to photographs of Buffalo Bill and his \u2018Wild West\u2019 stars, explore the fact and the fiction of westward expansion in America from the early eighteenth to the mid-twentieth century. Browse a wide range of rare and original documents including printed books, journals, historic maps, broadsides, periodicals, advertisements, photographs, artwork and more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   35                  Annual reviews    Annual Reviews is a non-profit organization who aims to provide the worldwide scientific community with useful and intelligent synthesis of primary research literature; Annual Reviews offers comprehensive, timely collections of critical reviews written by leading scientists, in over 40 focused disciplines within the biomedical, life, physical, and social sciences.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   36                  Anthropological Index Online    Published by the Royal Anthropological Institute, Anthropological Index Online contains information from a broad geographical range, emphasizing the Commonwealth and Africa, and extending to Eastern Europe, the Americas, Asia, Australasia and the Pacific. This database includes entries in several languages and many titles in original scripts are translated into English. This database includes hundreds of thousands of records with coverage going back over 50 years. This resource is an essential periodical index covering the fields of physical anthropology, archaeology, cultural ethnography and linguistics.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   37                  AnthropologyPlus    AnthropologyPlus a comprehensive, focused index of bibliographic materials covering the fields of anthropology, archaeology and interdisciplinary studies. Anthropology Plus unites two premier indexes: Harvard University\u2019s Anthropological Literature database and the United Kingdom\u2019s Anthropological Index (Royal Anthropological Institute). This database offers indexing of periodicals and journals from the early 19th century to today, providing indexing of thousands of sources, including journal articles, reports, commentaries, edited works and obituaries.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   38                  AnthroSource    AnthroSource  indexes and offers full text access to articles from the 32 American Anthropological Association's (AAA) peer reviewed journals, newsletters and bulletins. Dates of Coverage: Varies by journal.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   39                  AP Stylebook Online    The AP Stylebook is a writing style guide for journalists. It is published and updated annually to reflect changes in writing style and new guidelines. AP Stylebook Online takes everything you love about the Stylebook -- A-Z guide to usage, spelling and punctuation -- and adds Internet functionality to make it an even more convenient tool.  Notes:  25 simultaneous users   Support Contact:              About this Database                   40                  APA PsycNET    UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. APA (American Psychological Association) PsycNET is the only search platform designed specifically to deliver APA content. Search and discover vital behavioral science content efficiently with APA PsycNET's uniquely engineered cross-database searching, and benefit from the full integration of APA's precise indexing with the controlled vocabulary of the Thesaurus of Psychological Index Terms.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   41                  Applied Social Sciences Index & Abstracts    Applied Social Sciences Index and Abstracts (ASSIA) is an indexing and abstracting tool covering health, social services, psychology, sociology, economics, politics, race relations, and education. ASSIA is designed to serve the information needs of the caring professions. Central areas of coverage are social problems like poverty and overcrowding, abuse, crime and violence, disease and disability, mental illness and addiction, racism and sexism, and ineqaulity and discrimination. Social and psychological issues, health care, therapy, midwifery, and services including social work, welfare, counseling, and probation are also covered in depth.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   42                  APS journals    American Physical Society  APS journal articles can be browsed (the interface does not contain a search interface; INSPEC is recommended for searching and will link to the APS journals), and are delivered in both page image and Adobe Acrobat Reader (.PDF) format.  Dates of Coverage: Current issues and archives (PROLA, which extends back to 1893 in one case) for the APS journals (mostly the Physical Reviews sections)  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   43                  ARBAonline American reference books annual.    ARBAonline  provides reviews of reference books written by librarians for librarians. Dates of Coverage: 1997 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   44                  Archive Finder    ArchivesUSA  Archive Finder, a directory of over 5,400 repositories and over 220,000 collections of primary source materials across the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland. Included are the National Union Catalog of Manuscript Collections (1959 to current), the contents from National Inventory of Documentary Sources in the United States, and collection descriptions submitted directly from repositories as well as links to online finding aids. Dates of Coverage: varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   45                  Archive of African Journals    A collaborative effort between the African Studies Center at Michigan State University, MSU Libraries, and Matrix: The Center for Humane Arts, Letters, and Social Science online. This resource hosts an archive of back issues of African scholarly journals in the social sciences and humanities. Full-text access is available to all users for free.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   46                  Art & architecture complete    Art & Architecture Complete  Full-text from over 380 journals and 220 books, abstracts from 730 academic journals, magazines and trade publications, and an image collection of over 64,000 images. Dates of Coverage: 1984 to the present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   47                  Art & Architecture Source    Art Source covers a broad range of related subjects, from fine, decorative and commercial art, to various areas of architecture and architectural design. Providing full-text journal articles, indexing and abstracts for various journals, full-text books, and a collection of images, and more. International in scope, Art Source includes periodicals published in French, Italian, German, Spanish and Dutch. It is designed for use by a diverse audience, including art scholars, artists, designers, students and general researchers.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   48                  Art, Design and Architecture Collection    A comprehensive survey of current publications in the fields of visual and applied arts. This collection includes the specialist indexes ARTbibliographies Modern (covering modern and contemporary art), Design and Applied Arts Index (for all aspects of design and crafts) and the International Bibliography of Art (covering scholarship on Western art history), together with a complementary collection of current full-text journals, Arts and Humanities Full Text.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   49                  Art index retrospective    This archival database offers historical literature on a variety of art topics from the years 1929-1984. It provides users access to over half a century of art literature covering fine, decorative, and commercial art.  Content includes high-quality indexing of nearly 600 publications, many of which are peer-reviewed, and citations of over 25,000 book reviews.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   50                  Art sales index database    Art Sales Index Database  Auction records for painting, sculpture, prints, photographs, miniatures and some decorative art. Over 3.5 million entries of fine art auction records from over 200,000 artists. Most auction records are from sales held at Christies and Sotheby\u2019s auction houses. Also contains images of most of the art works sold.  Dates of Coverage: 1930 to  present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                Result Page   1 2 Next          Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database A in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.