(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20B'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database B in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-19 of 19)     Database B            1                  Berg fashion library    Berg Fashion Library Full-text entries from the entire Berg Encyclopedia of World Dress and Fashion, full-text from over 60 Berg fashion e-books, journal articles and an extensive image bank with 2,000 images from the encyclopedia and 1,600 from the fashion collection of the Victoria & Albert Museum. To open the full-text of the journal article, click "DOI" on the left navigation bar.  Sates of Coverage: Prehistoric era to the present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Berkeley Electronic Press journals    Searchable database of journals covering the disciplines of law, biology, engineering, political science, economics, business and marketing.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Bibliography of British and Irish history    Bibliography of British and Irish History Online Over 490,000 records covering bibliographic data and historical writings on the British Isles with the British Empire and Commonwealth from 55 B.C. to the present. Contains books, articles in books, and journal articles. 682 journals and series are searched systematically for material. Successor to the Royal Historical Society Bibliography of British and Irish History, available online from 2002-2009. Dates of Coverage: 55 B.C.-present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Bibliography of native North Americans    Bibliography of Native North Americans  A bibliographic database covering all aspects of native North American culture, history, and life. Dates of Coverage 16th century - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Biography reference bank    Biography Reference Bank via Ebscohost contains biographical information from more than 2,700 English-language periodicals for all subject areas covered by H.W. Wilson indexes. Indexes articles and books, autobiographies, bibliographies, biographies, critical studies, fiction, drama, pictorial works, poetry, juvenile literature, obituaries, journals, collections of letters, book reviews, and interviews.  Dates of Coverage: 1984 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Bioline International    Bioline International is a pioneer in the provision of open access to peer reviewed bioscience journals published in developing countries. These journals contain timely research on public health, international development, tropical medicine, food and nutritional security, and biodiversity. Bioline increases the visibility of this research by making it readily available to researchers across the world. Bioline is not a publisher, but an aggregator that provides a free platform for journals who wish to participate in the global open access movement.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  BioMed Central    BioMed Central is a publisher of over 280 peer-reviewed, open access journals in science, technology, and medicine fields. Their publications include broad-interest titles alongside specialist journals.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Black Freedom Struggle in the 20th Century: Federal Government Records    Black Freedom Struggle in the 20th Century: Federal Government Records, is a collection of primary source documents from a wide range of archival repositories. Covering 1901 to 1991, the focus is on the political side of the freedom movement, the role of civil rights organizations in pushing for civil rights legislation, and the interaction between African Americans and the federal government in the 20th Century. This database contains collections of primary source documents from the records of federal government agencies, the personal papers of African Americans and records of civil rights organizations.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Black Freedom Struggle in the 20th Century: Organizational Records and Personal Papers, Part One    Black Freedom Struggle in the 20th Century: Organizational Records and Personal Papers, consists of primary source documents from the personal papers of African Americans and records of civil rights organizations. Covering 1895 to 1992, the focus is on the experiences of individual African Americans, as told through diaries, personal correspondence and more. In addition, important records from a number of organizations including the American Committee on Africa, Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, League of Revolutionary Black Workers, National Association of Colored Women\u2019s Clubs, Revolutionary Action Movement, and Southern Christian Leadership Conference.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Book review digest.    Book Review Digest via EBSCOhost  Abstracts/reviews of English-language fiction and non-fiction from approximately 100 U.S., Canadian, and British periodicals; may include reviews of the same book; includes children's books. Dates of Coverage: 1983 to present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Bowker's Books in print    Bowker's Books in Print with Reviews Provides ordering information for English-language books published throughout the world. Reviews are included for selected books. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  Brazilian Government Documents    The Brazilian Government Documents Project from the Center for Research Libraries (CRL) provides access to over 670,000 digitized images of documents issued by Brazil\u2019s national government between 1821 and 1993. These images capture text, tabulated statistical data, and illustrative material including some maps and diagrams. Provincial Presidential Reports are available from 1823 \u2013 1930, Federal Presidential messages are available from 1889-1993, Ministerial Reports are available from 1821-1960, and the Almanak Laemmert, which reported on the Brazilian Royal Court, is available from 1844 \u2013 1889. Documents and reports are provided in Portuguese without translation.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  British periodicals    British Periodicals Collection I consists of more than 160 journals that comprise the collection Early British Periodicals. Dates of Coverage:1680s to the 1930s  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Budget of the U.S. Government    Budget of the U.S. Government  Issued by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), the Budget of the United States Government is a collection of documents that contains the budget message of the President, information about the President's budget proposals for a given fiscal year, and other budgetary publications that have been issued throughout the fiscal year. Also included are historical tables, appendices, and analytical perspectives.   Dates of Coverage: 1996 \u2013 current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  BuildingGreen.com    BuildingGreen offers information resources that promote building with environmental issues in mind, with journal articles, green building products listings, specifications, Leeds credit (green building standards), and architectural case studies.    Designer Pages is now available within Building Green. Designer Pages is professional resource that connects designers to products and materials available from manufacturers.   To use Designer Pages, you will need to create a personal profile in Building Green. To create your profile, click on the \u201cDesigner Pages\u201d tab and then clink the link \u201cAlready a member? Log into your account.\u201d Then click the tab \u201cCreate New Account,\u201d then you will see a box that says \u201cCreate your Personal Profile\u201d. You must use your UNT email address to create your profile.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Business Abstracts with Full Text    This database contains full-text articles from 450+ publications dating back to 1982. Coverage includes product evaluations, interviews, biographical sketches, corporate profiles, obituaries, surveys, statistical rankings, book reviews and reports from associations, societies, trade shows, and conferences; over 600,000 corporate names indexed to industries and countries; charts, graphs, photographs and other graphical content; and SIC and NAICS industry and product codes for over 190,000 subject terms. Subject coverage includes: Accounting, Construction, Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals, Communications, Computers, Cosmetic Industry, Economics, Entertainment Industry, Finance, Government Regulations, Health Care, Hospitality & Tourism, Human Resources, Industrial Relations, Insurance, International Business, Investments, Management, Marketing, Mass Media, Occupational Health & Safety, Oil & Gas, Paper & Pulp Industries, Real Estate, Retail, Small Business, Taxation, Technology, and Transportation.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  Business Insights: Global    Business Insights: Global provides an international perspective on company and industry information for over 500,000 companies. Includes company profiles, industry rankings, marketing information, products, brands, investment ratings, financial ratios, financial statements, market size, industries by SIC, directory information, and more. Dates of coverage: varies by company  Notes:  Works best with Firefox   Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  Business Research Databases    Business Research Databases provides information on the business research databases available through the College of Business Lab Access Only, many available on WRDS. If you have questions about WRDS access, please see Cengiz Capan, Department of ITDS. Contains information on the databases and how to access them. The databases include Standard and Poor's Compustat (Bank Compustat, Compustat Full University Subscription, Compustat North American Data), Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP), CRSP/Compustat Merged Database, EXECUCOMP, New York Stock Exchange TAQ (Trade & Quote) data, Audit Analytics, EVENTUS, FDIC Call Report Data, Research Insight, ORS/ROS, Thomson Financial products: SDC Platinum, Datastream, First Call, IBES, Worldscope. Dates of Coverage: NA  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  Business Source Complete    Business Source Complete provides full text and abstracts of articles in more than 1,200 journals, magazines, newspapers, videos, and periodicals covering a wide range of topics in business and industry. Provides company profiles, industry profiles, market research reports and country reports. Additional full text, non-journal content includes financial data, books, monographs, major reference works, book digests, conference proceedings, case studies, investment research reports, industry reports, market research reports, country reports, company profiles, SWOT analyses and more. Dates of Coverage: 1886 to present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database B in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.