(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20C'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database C in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-44 of 44)     Database C            1                  Cabell's directories of publishing opportunities    Cabell's Directories of Publishing Opportunities The Directories contain addresses, phones, e-mails, web site addresses, and guidelines and submission information for over 4,000 journals in Business, Economics, Education and Psychology. The Directory helps users choose journals by topical coverage. It also provides manuscript and publication guidelines, as well as descriptions of the review processes for the journals included. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  CAIRN Free Access Journals    Cairn offers a comprehensive collection of publications in the French language in the humanities and social sciences. They also possess a search interface that allows international users to find and access content in French journals without speaking the language itself. This resource is open-access, which offers free material to the public.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Cambridge Histories Online    Cambridge Histories Online is the online version of the printed book series from Cambridge University Press. This resource provides authoritative historical essays and bibliographies on wide ranging topics. Cambridge Histories Online contains e-Book collections in the subjects medieval history, Asian history, Middle East and African studies, philosophy and political thought, music and theater and more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Cambridge journals online    Cambridge Journals Online A collection of full-text journals from the Cambridge University Press providing online access to nearly 200 of the world's leading journals. Dates of Coverage: Varies by title.  1997-current is the most common date range.  Some date back to 1989.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Center For Digital Scholarship    The Brown Digital Repository (BDR), hosted and maintained by the Brown University Library, is a place to gather together, index, store, preserve, and make available digital assets produced via the scholarly, instructional, research, and administrative activities at Brown.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention    CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) works 24/7 to protect America from health, safety and security threats, both foreign and in the U.S. Whether diseases start at home or abroad, are chronic or acute, curable or preventable, human error or deliberate attack, CDC fights disease and supports communities and citizens to do the same.  CDC increases the health security of the nation. As the nation\u2019s health protection agency, CDC saves lives and protects people from health threats. To accomplish their mission, CDC conducts critical science and provides health information that protects the nation against expensive and dangerous health threats, and responds when these arise. CDC is the nation's best defense against the undead, should they ever attempt an uprising.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Ceramic abstracts/World ceramics abstracts    Ceramic Abstracts/World Ceramics Abstracts via CSA (1975-current)  covers over 3,000 periodicals, conference proceedings, technical reports, trade journal/newsletter items, patents, books, and press releases. Dates of Coverage: 1975 - Present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Checklist of online vegetation and plant distribution maps    This resource provides links to vegetation and plant distribution maps from throughout the world, including links to other sites. Please note that this resource is no longer officially maintained by the host and only remains for archival purposes.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Cheresources.com    Cheresources.com: Online Chemical Engineering Information provides documents, web sites, and other tools useful to chemical engineers. Dates of Coverage: Varies to current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Chicago manual of style online    The Chicago Manual of Style Online is completely searchable and easy to use, providing quick answers to your style and editing questions. The Q&A; content is fully searchable along with the content of The Chicago Manual of Style. The Chicago Manual of Style Online also provides convenient Tools, such as sample forms, letters, and style sheets.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Chicano Database    Chicano Database is produced by the Ethnic Studies Library at the University of California, Berkeley, and is hosted on the familiar EBSCOhost platform. This bibliographic index covers a wide range of materials focused on the Mexican-American and Chicano experience, as well as the broader Latino experience of Puerto Ricans, Cuban Americans, and Central American immigrants since 1992. Its content is designed to further research, teaching, and scholarship for Chicano studies programs and extended ethnic studies curricula, giving researchers targeted access to materials that explore the broad dimensions of class, race, and gender within the Chicano and Latino U.S. experience.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  Children's literature comprehensive database    Children's Literature Comprehensive Database (CLCD) is the premier academic research and teaching tool for courses needing quality information for locating Children\u2019s and Young Adult books and other media.  The content includes over 2.6 million fiction/non-fiction records with 650,000+ national and international awards plus 540,000+ quality, professional reviews.  It includes over 330,000 author/title links plus lesson plans and teaching guides. The search engine offers 45 search-limiters to easily find appropriate materials such as: determining interest & reading levels; select trade books based on standards; create thematic, annotated biographies; interpret reviews; develop STEM book collections and more.  Distant education students use a World Cat link to find materials at a local library.  Students can set up their own My CLCD account to save their search assignments.  Student access is FREE for one year after graduation.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  Chronicle of Higher Education    The Chronicle of Higher Education is a source of news, information, and jobs for college and university faculty members and adminstrators. Their website features complete contents of the latest issue; daily news and advice columns; thousands of current job listings; an archive of previously published content; discussion forums; and career-building tools such as online CV management, salary databases, and more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Chronicling America: Historic American Newspapers    Chronicling America is a website providing access to information about historic newspapers and select digitized newspaper pages, and is produced by the National Digital Newspaper Program (NDNP). NDNP, a partnership between the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) and the Library of Congress (LC), is a long-term effort to develop an Internet-based, searchable database of U.S. newspapers with descriptive information and select digitization of historic pages.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  CiNii: Open Access Journals    CiNii is a database service that allows users to search for articles, books, and journals. While the service is free of charge to everyone, some content may be restricted and require payment. Users can search for articles in academic society journals, university research bulletins, or articles included in the National Diet Library\u2019s Japanese Periodicals Index Database, and other databases. CiNii includes 17 million articles, and 4 million of those articles support full-text access.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Civil War Collection      Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  ClasePeriodica    ClasePeriodica provides access to Latin American journal article citations and is actually two Spanish-language indexes joined together in one service. The CLASE database indexes over 1200 Latin American journals in the social sciences and the humanities, while the PERIODICA database indexes over 1400 Latin American science and technology journals. Both indexes are produced by the renowned Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico (UNAM). Most indexed articles are in either Spanish or Portuguese, with some English-language articles also included. Mexican and Brazilian research journals are by far the focus of both indexes, but important journals from all over Latin America are also indexed. Dates of Coverage: CLASE coverage is 1975-present, and PERIODICA coverage is 1978-present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  Classical music library    Classical Music Library an ever growing collection includes recordings from the world's greatest labels including EMI, Hyperion, Bridge Records, Sanctuary Classics, CBC, Artemis-Vanguard, Hänssler Classic, Vox and many more. Coverage includes music written from the earliest times (e.g. Gregorian Chant) to works by modern composers including symphonic music, vocal and instrumental music, choral works, and other forms. Content is published under licensing agreements with more than 30 music labels, including major labels and independents, with ongoing license negotiations adding to the range of available tracks.. Repertoire ranges from vocal and choral music, to chamber, orchestral, solo instrumental, and opera.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  Classification Web    Classification Web  Full Text schedule display of all Library of Congress classification schedules. Links are provided between the LC classification numbers and LC subject headings. Dates of Coverage: Updated weekly  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  COBRA collection of biostatistics research archive.    Collection of Biostatistics Research Archive (COBRA) is a scholar-driven repository of biostatistics working papers, containing technical reports, articles from peer-reviewed journals, and dissertations from PhD candidates from many top biostatistics programs.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   21                  Columbia International Affairs Online    Columbia International Affairs Online is a comprehensive source for theory and research in international affairs. It publishes a wide range of scholarship that includes working papers from university research institutes, occasional papers series from NGOs, foundation-funded research projects, proceedings from conferences, books, journals and policy briefs. CIAO is also a source for teaching materials including original case studies written by leading international affairs experts, course packs of background readings for history and political science classes, and special features like the analysis of a bin Laden recruitment tape with video.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   22                  ComAbstracts    ComAbstracts published by CIOS, Communication Institute for Online Scholarship contains abstracts of articles published in the primary professional literature of the communications field. The database is unique in its comprehensive coverage of scholarly books in communication and journalism. Dates of Coverage: 1966 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   23                  ComIndex    ComIndex  Journal index database published by CIOS, Communication Institute for Online Scholarship.  The literature included in this database is restricted to first line scholarship published in academic journals that serve the communication discipline.  Dates of Coverage: 1960's - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   24                  Communication & mass media complete    Communication and Mass Media Complete  provides the most robust, quality research solution in areas related to communication and mass media. Incorporates the content of CommSearch (formerly produced by the National Communication Association) and Mass Media Articles Index (formerly produced by Penn State) along with numerous other journals in communication, mass media, and other closely-related fields of study.  Cover-to-cover (\u201ccore\u201d) indexing and abstracts for more than 570 journals, and selected (\u201cpriority\u201d) coverage of nearly 200 more, for a combined coverage of more than 770 titles. Includes full text for over 450 journals.  Dates of Coverage: varies by title, some start at 1915 to present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   25                  Compact Memory    Compact Memory is an open-access digital library containing over 170 German Jewish periodicals from the time-period 1806 - 1938. These periodicals were digitized as part of a project funded by the German Research Foundation, in an effort to preserve the history of the Jewish people in Germany and Austria.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   26                  Computer and information systems abstracts    Computer and Information Systems Abstracts via CSA (1981-current) contains Over 3,000 periodicals, conference proceedings, technical reports, trade journal/newsletter items, patents, books, and press releases. Dates of Coverage: 1981 - Current with monthly updates. The oldest record in the database has a publication date of 1961; about 50% of its records have publication dates of 1991 or later  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   27                  Computer source    Computer Source Nearly 300 publications and indexing and abstracts for nearly 450 publications. Dates of Coverage: Current; varies by publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   28                  Congressional indexes, 1789-1969    Index to U.S. Congressional publications including committee hearings (published and unpublished), committee prints, Senate executive documents and reports, and items in the U.S. Serial Set.  Includes search engine.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   29                  Cooperative Digital Resources Initiative CDRI.    Cooperative Digital Resources Initiative digital repository of the American Theological Library Association and Association of Theological Schools, provides access to digital images of woodcuts, photographs, slides, papyri, coins, maps, postcards, manuscripts, lithographs, sermons, shape-note tune books, and various forms of Christian art, architecture, and iconography. Dates of Coverage: varies by collection.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   30                  Core Historical Literature of Agriculture    Core Historical Literature of Agriculture seeks to preserve texts relating to agriculture, as they consider these historical documents important and relevant to the history of the United States as a whole; they remark that the United States of America was built on agriculture and defines the national character, as well contributes to its cultural values. To that end, this open-access resource presents a number of digitized journals from America\u2019s agrarian past, ranging from 1800s to late 1900s.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   31                  COS Funding Opportunities    COS Funding Opportunities A compiled database of available opportunities for grants, fellowships, prizes and other type of funding. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   32                  COS Scholar Universe    COS Scholar Universe provides authoritative information about more than 1 million scholars and organizations around the world, together with verified affiliation and publication information. The database comprises international faculty at 4-year universities and their departments. Community of Scholars is a unique tool for finding researchers by specific area of study, providing keyword access to the community behind the content. Scholar profiles list: Author affiliation, Co-authors, Publications, Link to CV, Personal Web site, Interests, & E-mail information (as available).  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   33                  Counseling and therapy in video    Counseling and Therapy in Video provides the largest and richest online collection of video available for the study of social work, psychotherapy, psychology, and psychiatric counseling. The collection's wealth of video and multiplicity of perspectives allow students and scholars to see, experience, and study counseling in ways never before possible.  Dates of Coverage:  Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   34                  Countrywatch    Countrywatch provides critical country-specific profiles and intelligence briefing. Dates of Coverage:  Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   35                  County Business Patterns    County Business Patterns provides annual economic profiles of business and industry by county, state, and the United States. Includes statistics, by industry, on employment, payroll, and number of establishments, arranged by SIC and NAICS code. Dates of Coverage:1998 \u2013 2010.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   36                  CQ Press    CQ Press   includes databases, online reference books, CQ Researcher Plus Archive, a source for basic information on a variety of topics, and CQ Weekly, which provides up-to-date information on the U.S. Congress and its activities. Dates of Coverage: 1929 - present (varies by source)  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   37                  CQ Press Political reference suite of online editions    CQ Press Political Reference Suite integrates many of CQ Press's reference books on government and politics, including CQ Almanac. Includes detailed information on U.S. politics, politicians, elections, and the U.S. government. Dates of Coverage: varies by source.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   38                  CQ Press voting and elections collection expert analysis, demographics, and data.    CQ Voting and Elections Collection Includes voting and elections encyclopedia, external documents, and data tables. Government information organized into six categories: Presidential Elections, Congressional Elections, Gubernatorial Elections, Campaigns and Elections, Political Parties, Voters and Demographics.  Includes candidate and office histories, seat status and competition, party control, and party switches and special elections.  Dates of Coverage: 1775 - present (varies by source)  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   39                  Credo reference    Credo Reference offers full-text, aggregated content which covers every major subject from the world's best publishers of reference. Patrons gain access to over 3,400,000 entries, from over 675 reference books, including encyclopedias, dictionaries, biographies, etc.  Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   40                  Crime in the United States    Crime in the United States provides a nationwide view of crime based on statistics contributed by nearly 17,000 state and local law enforcement agencies. Includes national & state crime index, Uniform Crime Reporting program data, crime trends and factors. Annual publications covered include Crime in the United States, Hate Crime Statistics, and Law Enforcement Officers Killed and Assaulted. Dates of Coverage:1995 to present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   41                  Criminal justice abstracts    Criminal Justice Abstracts via EBSCOhost covers crime trends, crime prevention and deterrence, juvenile delinquency, juvenile justice, police, courts, punishment and sentencing. Contains indexes and summaries of international journal articles, books, and governmental and non-governmental reports on a wide range of topics in criminal justice. Provides coverage of over 500 journals published in several different languages. Links to full-text. Dates of Coverage:1968 to present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   42                  Criminal Justice Database    The Criminal Justice Database is a comprehensive database supporting research on crime, its causes and impacts, legal and social implications, as well as litigation and crime trends. Scholarly journals, correctional and law enforcement trade publications, crime reports, crime blogs, and more are available. Major subject coverage includes criminology, corrections administration, criminal law, criminal justice, law enforcement, addiction, family law, industrial security, and rehabilitation.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   43                  Cyber bullying searchable information center    This resource exists to to help parents, educators, and others better understand, prevent, and take action against the growing concern about cyberbulling.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   44                  CyberLiber Journals    The objective of this website is to facilitate access to mycological literature by providing bibliographic lists of references. The present version of the site provides extensive bibliographic information for mycological publications, most dating from the early 1800s to the 1980s, and covering many works in Russian and Ukrainian.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database C in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.