(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20D'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database D in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-25 of 25)     Database D            1                  Dallas Morning News Historical Archive    Dallas Morning News Historical Archives (1885-1984) This resource offers full page reproductions of The Dallas Morning News newspaper from 1885-1984.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Dance in video    Dance in Video contains dance videos that are documentary, editorial, and instructional. Also includes performance, interview and general reference videos. Features dance productions and documentaries by the most influential performers and companies of the 20th century. Selections cover ballet, tap, jazz, contemporary, experimental, and improvisational dance, as well as forerunners of the forms and the pioneers of modern concert dance, including awide range of genres including Avante-garde, American Indian and Scottish Highland. Dates of Coverage: Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Data Planet    Data-Planet Statistical Datasets is a web-based research solutions tool that provides fast and easy access to data from licensed and public domain datasets within an easy-to-use interface. With this dynamic tool, you can scan the contents of the collection, select subjects and variables of interest, and view your data in side-by-side tables and charts.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Data Planet Ready Reference    Data-Planet Statistical Datasets is a web-based research solutions tool that provides fast and easy access to data from licensed and public domain datasets within an easy-to-use interface. With this dynamic tool, you can scan the contents of the collection, select subjects and variables of interest, and view your data in side-by-side tables and charts.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Database of Latin dictionaries    Database of Latin Dictionaries  11 Dictionaries and lexica covering medieval to modern scholarship. This resource covers single-language and multilingual dictionaries.  Dates of Coverage: Medieval-present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Design & applied arts index.    Design and Applied Arts Index (DAAI) contains articles from graphic design, fashion design, interior design, architectural design, product design. and craft journals. Covers both new designers and the development of design and the applied arts since the mid-19th century, surveying disciplines including ceramics, glass, jewelry, wood, metal smithing, graphic design, fashion and clothing, textiles, furniture, interior design, architecture, computer aided design, Web design, computer-generated graphics, animation, product design, industrial design, garden design, and landscape architecture. This database is part of the Art, Design & Architecture Collection.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  DGRweb    DGRweb: American Chemical Society Directory of Graduate Research  Comprehensive source of information on chemical research and researchers at universities in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, including department information , faculty members and publication citations.  Search for faculty by research area, academic rank, gender, and state or by institution. Dates of Coverage: DGRweb 2007 also includes access to the complete 2005, 2003, 2001, and 1999 databases.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Dialogue TV & radio    Dialogue TV & Radio at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars an award-winning weekly radio program that explores the world of ideas through weekly, half-hour conversations with renowned public figures, scholars, journalists, and authors. The series also includes a collaborative television program, which aims to provide foreign perspectives on world affairs. Approximately 800 radio and television programs are currently available. Dates of Coverage: 1998 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Dictionary of Irish biography    Dictionary of Irish Biography includes the lives of Irish men and women who made a significant contribution in Ireland and abroad, as well as those born overseas who had noteworthy careers in Ireland. Signed biographical articles which describe and assess the careers of subjects in all fields of endeavor, including politics, law, religion, literature, journalism, architecture, painting, music, the stage, science, medicine, engineering, entertainment and sport. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Dictionary of literary biography    Dictionary of Literary Biography searches the databases Contemporary Authors, Contemporary Literary Criticism, and Dictionary of Literary Biography. Dictionary of Literary Biography includes nearly 10,000 biographical and critical essays on the lives, works, and careers of influential literary figures from all eras and genres. Dates of Coverage: Varies by database.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Dictionary of Old English    Dictionary of Old English: A to G Online Defines vocabulary of the first six centuries of the English language drawing on as wide a range of texts -- in date, dialect and genre -- as possible. Also provides a listing in a simplified paradigmatic order of every spelling which is attested for a word in the Electronic Corpus; frequency counts for each word; usage labels where they are statistically significant; and exhaustive citation for all words of twelve or fewer occurrences. Complements the Middle English Dictionary (which covers the period 1100 - 1500 A.D.) and the Oxford English Dictionary (which documents the development of the English language to the present), the three together providing a full description of the vocabulary of English Dates of Coverage:The first six centuries (600 - 1150 A.D.) of the English language  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  Dictionary of Old English Old English corpus    Dictionary of Old English Corpus  an online database consisting of at least one copy of every surviving Old English . In some cases, more than one copy is included, if it is significant because of dialect or date. There are 3037 texts in the corpus. Dates of Coverage: Last updated in 2009.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  Digital Collections @ Stanford (SULAIR)    This site provides access to digital collections produced by the Stanford University Libraries and Academic Information Resources. The nature of these collections vary, and can include photography, law, history, literature, among others.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Digital Innovation South Africa      Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  Digital Sanborn maps, 1867-1970. Texas    Texas Digital Sanborn Maps provides access to large-scale historical maps of Texas towns and cities. Users have the ability to manipulate the maps, magnify and zoom in on specific sections. The maps, developed for fire insurance purposes, are frequently consulted as valuable historical tools for research into the history, growth, and development of urban areas. The large-scale maps provide information on building dimensions, street names, property boundaries, building uses, infrastructure elements, and much more. Multiple editions provide historical perspectives on growth and development. Dates of Coverage: Varies by city or town; 1880s\u20131950s.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Digital South Asia Library    The Digital South Asia Library provides open-access digital materials for reference and research on South Asia to scholars, public officials, business leaders, and other users. These digital materials range from bibliographies, to images, to maps, to books and journals and cover a number of subjects.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  Diotima materials for the study of women and gender in the ancient world    Diotima - Materials for the Study of Women and Gender in the Ancient World materials for the Study of Women and Gender in the Ancient World. Serves as an interdisciplinary resource for anyone interested in patterns of gender around the ancient Mediterranean and as a forum for collaboration among instructors who teach courses about women and gender in the ancient world. Includes course materials, the beginnings of a systematic and searchable bibliography, and links to many on-line resources, including articles, book reviews, databases, and images. Dates of Coverage: 1995- present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  Directory of open access journals DOAJ.    DOAJ (Directory of Open Access Journals) links to over 4000 open access journals across a variety of subjects and topics.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  Dissertations & theses @ University of North Texas    Dissertations & theses @ University of North Texas Dissertations and theses published from UNT.  Dates of Coverage: Dissertation coverage is between 1953 - 1969. Dissertation and Theses coverage is available from 1997 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  Docuseek2    Docuseek 2 provides access to more than 400 streaming documentary films on a wide range of social science and humanities topics, with a strong focus on social issues,  environmental studies and political science.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   21                  DOE data explorer    DOE Data Explorer contains scientific research data - such as computer simulations, numeric data files, figures and plots, interactive maps, multimedia, and scientific images - generated in the course of DOE-sponsored research in various science disciplines. Dates of Coverage: 2011 to present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   22                  DRAM    DRAM - Database of Recorded American Music   a not-for-profit resource providing educational communities with on-demand streaming access to CD-quality audio (192kbps Mp4), complete original liner notes and essays from independent record labels and sound archives. Continuing in the tradition of DRAM's sister company New World Records, one of DRAM's primary focuses is the preservation and dissemination of important recordings that have been neglected by the commercial marketplace, recordings that may otherwise become lost or forgotten. Currently DRAM's collection contains over 3,700 albums worth of recordings from a distinctive set of 30 independent labels, and we are continually working to add more content. The basis for the current collection is the diverse catalogue of American music recordings by New World Records. Dates of Coverage: Varies.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   23                  ScienceDirect Decision Sciences Backfile    This is a backfile of a range of journals that support Decisions Sciences. Most recent issues were published in 1994.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   24                  Victorian Popular Culture: Circuses, Sideshows and Freaks    This module of the Victorian Popular Culture collection focuses on the world of travelling entertainment, which brought spectacle to vast audiences across Britain, American and Europe in the 19th and early 20th century. From big tops to carnivals, fairgrounds and dime museums, it covers the history of popular shows and exhibitions from both audience and professional perspectives.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   25                  Victorian Popular Culture: Moving Pictures, Optical Entertainments and the Advent of Cinema    This module of Victorian Popular Culture explores the pivotal era in entertainment history when previously static images came to life and moved for the first time. Through the wealth of printed and visual material as well as artefacts (see our Optical Entertainments exhibition and 360-degree object gallery) in this module, we are able to imagine the wide-eyed wonder of those early audiences, experiencing the magic of Victorian inventions and optical entertainments. Through the material selected for this resource, researchers are able to trace the history of cinema and the exciting journey it has taken from early visual entertainment such as shadows shows, to optical illusions, travelling entertainments in the form of peepshows and panoramas, the first projected images created by the camera obscura and magic lantern right through to the burgeoning film industry and the film star celebrities it created.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database D in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.