(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20E'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database E in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-44 of 44)     Database E            1                  e-EROS encyclopedia of reagents for organic synthesis.    Contains a database of approximately 70,000 reactions and 4000 of the most frequently consulted reagents. Fully searchable by structure and sub-structure, reagent, reaction type, experimental conditions, and keyword.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  e-Revist@s: Plataforma Open Access de Revistas Electrónicas Españolas y Latinoamericanas    This resource is an open-access platform for Spanish and Latin-American scientific journals, established by the Superior Council for Scientific Research (CSIC) in order to aid the dissemination and raise visibility of scientific journals published in Latin America, Caribbean, Spain, and Portugal. Journals can come from any language, any discipline, as long they\u2019re open-access and meet certain editorial quality. They currently link to over 1300 journals. The site itself is offered only in Spanish and users may need translation tools to navigate the site.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  e-Skeletons Project    eSkeletons provides an interactive environment in which patrons can examine and learn about skeletal anatomy through their osteology database. Primate skeletons included are: the chimpanzee, the orangutan, the common marmoset, and the ruffed lemur. Choose one bone, view it from all directions (dorsal, ventral, etc.) and compare it to other species' bones. Funded by the National Science Foundation and hosted by the University of Texas.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Early American imprints. Series I, Evans (1639-1800)    Early American Imprints, Series I: Evans 1639-1800 Searchable monographs, pamphlets, broadsides, government documents and ephemera based on the renowned "American Bibliography" by Charles Evans and enhanced by Roger Bristol's "Supplement to Evans' American Bibliography,"  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Early English Books Online.    Early English Books Online (EEBO) covers many subject areas, including: English literature, history, philosophy, linguistics, theology, music, fine arts, education, mathematics, and science. Starting with the first book published in English through the age of Spenser and Shakespeare, this is an electronic collection of 125,000 titles listed in Pollard & Redgrave's Short-Title Catalogue (1475-1640) and Wing's Short-Title Catalogue (1641-1700) and their revised editions, as well as the Thomason Tracts (1640-1661) collection and the Early English Books Tract Supplement Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  EarthTrends    Global trends in environmental science are described with country profiles, maps, articles and data tables. A database allows you to search all forms of information on the website. Blog on the homepage. Dates of Coverage: Website was published in 2007 and continues to be updated.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  eBooks on Ebscohost    Ebooks on Ebscohost  Users can search within a wide range of relevant eBooks using the powerful EBSCOhost search experience. Relevant eBook titles appear directly alongside databases and other digital content, exposing users to the full depth of the library's offerings. Dates of Coverage: multi-year  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Ebrary    ebrary  an e-book collection that covers scholarly books from over 435 academic, trade, and professional publishers  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  EBSCOhost.    EBSCOhost Provides access to various EBSCO databases which can all be searched simultaneously. Dates of Coverage: 1997 \u2013 Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  EBSCOhost Multilingual    EbscoHost MultiLingual  All UNT and TexShare EBSCOHost databases are available from this interface. Defaults to the Spanish interface, but also includes a French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and English interface. Dates of Coverage: 1997 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  ECO - Electronic Collections Online.    ECO (Electronic Collections Online) is a database hosted by OCLC, with over 5,000 journals spanning a number of academic disciplines, such as agriculture, business, education, history, philosophy, science, among others.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  EconLit    EconLit via Ebscohost A comprehensive, indexed bibliography with selected abstracts, produced by the American Economic Association. Includes coverage of over 400 major journals as well as articles in collective volumes (essays, proceedings, etc.), books, book reviews, dissertations, and working papers licensed from the Cambridge University Press Abstracts of Working Papers in Economics. This resource is limited to 4 simultaneous users. Dates of coverage:1969 to present  Notes:  4 simultaneous users   Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  ECS digital library    Electrochemical Society Journals  Access to the three major journals from the Electrochemical Society, Electrochemical and Solid State Letters (vol 1 to current), Journal of the Electrochemical Society (1998 to current), and Interface (1998 to current, with some articles from earlier years)  Dates of Coverage: Varies by journal  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Education Database    Education Database offers full text coverage of the literature on primary, secondary, higher education, special education, home schooling, adult education, and related topics.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  Education in video    Education in Video  an online collection of streaming video developed specifically for training and developing teachers. The collection contains teaching demonstrations, lectures, documentaries, and primary-source footage of students and teachers in actual classrooms.  The current release now provides 3,777 titles, equaling approximately 987 hours. Can be searched by subject and grade level.  Dates of Coverage: Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Education Source    Designed to meet the needs of education students, professionals and policy makers, Education Source is the largest and most complete collection of full text journals in education research. The extensive collection includes full text for more than 1,700 journals, 550 books and monographs, education-related conference papers, citations for over four million articles including book reviews and over 100,000 controlled and cross-referenced names of educational tests. Coverage in Education Source spans all levels of education from early childhood to higher education and also includes educational specialties such as multilingual education, health education and testing. Subject matter includes Adult Education, Continuing Education, Distance Learning, Government Funding, Multicultural/Ethnic Education, Social Issues, Student Counseling, Vocational Education as well as many others.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  Educational Administration Abstracts    This research database includes bibliographic records covering areas related to educational administration, including educational leadership, educational management, educational research and other areas of key relevance to the discipline.An indispensible resource for educational administration research. Includes content from key titles. Records are selected from the most important sources within the discipline, such as Educational Administration Quarterly, Review of Higher Education, Journal of Educational Administration, etc. EBSCO has digitized the full archive of this index, including coverage dating back over 46 years.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  Educational media reviews online    Educational Media Reviews Online database Contains more than 2000 reviews of educational videos, DVDs and CD-ROMs, written by librarians and teaching faculty from the United States and Canada. The University at Buffalo-SUNY sponsors the database, which focuses on adult media, but also contains reviews for grades K-12 media.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  EDUCAUSE    These thought-provoking EDUCAUSE books, authored by community experts, peers, and college and university presidents, take a look at important issues that are changing the landscape of education and information technology.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  EH.net: Economic History Services    EH.NET: Economic History Services  Provides a wide range of services including research abstracts and book reviews, economic calculators a collection of course syllabi, a directory of economic historians, the EH.Net Encyclopedia of Economic and Business History, several databases, and numerous links to websites related to economic history. Dates of Coverage: varies by database.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   21                  EIA Library    EIA Library  Energy-related databases, directories, software applications, and full-text publications from the U.S. Energy Information Administration. Includes Official Energy Statistics from the U.S. Government. Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   22                  Electronic Journals and Newspapers on Africa    This directory, hosted by Columbia University Libraries, links to electronic journals and newspapers on Africa. This list, sorted by A to Z, includes only \u201cfree\u201d publications on the internet. Each link is accompanied by a short description, location and publisher, and date coverage.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   23                  Electronic Library of Mathematics    This directory links to a number of mathematical e-journals hosted by the Electronic Library of Mathematics (EMIS). Many, if not all, of the journals linked are open-access: readily available and free of charge. Some journals linked can come in other languages, such as Russian.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   24                  Encyclopedia of life EOL.    Encyclopedia of Life (EOL) synthesizes biodiversity knowledge about all known species, including their taxonomy, geographic distribution, collections, genetics, evolutionary history, morphology, behavior, ecological relationships, and importance for human wellbeing. Content includes individualized pages for more than 1,000,000 species of plants, animals, and microorganisms.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   25                  Energy & Power Source    Energy & Power Source provides a collection of indexed and full-text energy and power industry-related content for professionals and researchers of all types involved in the industry. Energy & Power Source includes academic journals, magazines, books, trade publications and other valuable sources. This resource is ideal for professionals involved within the energy and power industries, including distribution, exploration, extraction, marketing, processing, production, research and selling. In addition, it includes complete full text with images, tables, charts and other graphical content from many key titles.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   26                  Energy Citations Database      Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   27                  Engineering Source    Engineering Source offers cover-to-cover indexing for over 3,000 publications, including journals, monographs, magazines and trade publications, all directly dealing with engineering-related issues.  Energy-focused monographs, books, conference papers and proceedings are also included.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   28                  English short title catalogue 1473-1800.    English Short Title Catalogue Resource Type: Bibliographic Database Title/Alternate Title: English Short Title Catalogue (Catalog)  Subjects Covered: Comprehensive bibliography that includes items printed in the British Isles, Colonial America, the United States (1776-1800), and Canada; in any language. Also, items printed wholly or partly in English, or other British vernaculars, in any other part of the world Contents: The holdings of over 1,500 libraries around the world are represented Dates of Coverage: Includes all the material processed up to December 1997. Chronologically, the scope of the ESTC extends from the earliest printing in England (ca. 1473) through to the end of December, 1800  Notes:  Clicking on the link will prompt you to download the software needed to access this resource.   Support Contact:  If you are having trouble downloading and installing the software, please contact Lib.Support@unt.edu            About this Database                   29                  Environment complete    This resources offers patrons full-text access to over 1,300 journals and monographs in areas of agriculture, ecosystem ecology, energy, and related areas of study, as well regular access to more than 2,500 domestic and international journals.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   30                  Equinox Journals    UNT may not subscribe to all titles through this platform: full access is not guaranteed. Equinox Publishing, an independent academic publisher based in the UK, publishes books and journals for an international audience in the humanities and social sciences. Their subject coverage includes archaeology, linguistics, cultural history, religion, cookery, and popular music. As of 2014, Equinox has published approximately 215 books, as well over 40 peer-reviewed international journals.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   31                  ERIC    ERIC is the premier national bibliographic database of education literature. ERIC consists of two files: Resources in Education, covering the document literature, and Current Index to Journals in Education, covering published journal literature from over 1000 periodicals. Dates of Coverage:Current, Coverage varies for journal titles indexed. Some citations date back to 1966. Help Links:Click the Helplink at the top right of the screen.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   32                  ERIC via EBSCOhost    ERIC via EBSCOhost Resource Type: Research Database Title/Alternate Title:ERIC Subjects Covered:Premier national bibliographic database of education literature. ERIC consists of two files: Resources in Education, covering the document literature, and Current Index to Journals in Education, covering published journal literature from over 1000 periodicals. Contents: Dates of Coverage:Current, Coverage varies for journal titles indexed. Some citations date back to 1966. Help Links:Click the Helplink at the top right of the screen.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   33                  ERIC via OCLC    ERIC via FirstSearch Resource Type: Research Database Title/Alternate Title:ERIC Subjects Covered:Premier national bibliographic database of education literature. Contents: ERIC consists of two files: Resources in Education, covering the document literature, and Current Index to Journals in Education, covering published journal literature from over 1000 periodicals. Dates of Coverage:Current, Coverage varies for journal titles indexed. Some citations date back to 1966. Help Links: Click the "Help" at the top left of the page Contacts: Go to Ask-Us for help  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   34                  ERIC via ProQuest    A complete bibliography of educational materials available since 1966. Indexes published and unpublished sources on thousands of educational topics, with information from from RIE (Resources in Education) and CIJE (Current Index to Journals in Education).  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   35                  EScholarship repository.    University of California eScholarship Repository is an open access repository of scholarly research produced by the departments, research units, publishing programs, and individual scholars associated with the University of California. The content includes books, journals, working papers, published papers, conference records, seminar series and postprints. Subject disciplines covered include arts and humanities, life sciences, law, social and behavioral sciences, architecture, engineering, medicine and health sciences, education, business, physical sciences and mathematics. Dates of Coverage: 1911\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   36                  Essay and General Literature Index    This database cites records contained in collections of essays and miscellaneous works published in the United States, Great Britain and Canada. Coverage spans humanities and social sciences. Approximately 300 single and multi-authored volumes are indexed annually, plus more than 20 selected annuals and serial publications. Nearly 86,000 essays in over 7,000 printed anthologies and collections are included; coverage dates as far back as 1985. Subject coverage includes: Archaeology, Architecture, Art, Children's Literature, Classical Studies, Drama, Economics, Fiction, Film, Folklore, History, Linguistics, Music, Poetry, Political Science, Psychology, Religion and Women's Studies.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   37                  Ethnic newswatch    Ethnic NewsWatch Resource Type: Research Database with Full Text Title/Alternate Title: Ethnic NewsWatch Subjects Covered: A variety of perspectives on national and international topics that go beyond those represented in the mainstream media Contents: Full Text database of newspaper, magazine and journal articles published by the ethnic, minority, and native press in the United States. Publication information is accessible from each article and includes the publisher's mission statement and history. Ethnic NewsWatch is searchable in both English and Spanish and includes over 150,000 articles in Spanish Dates of Coverage: Coverage begins with 1990 Help Links: Click the Help link at the top right of the screen  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   38                  Ethnographic video online    Ethnographic Video Online Resource Type: Reference Title/Alternate Title: Ethnographic Video Online Subjects Covered: Anthropology, Ethnography, Social psychology  Contents: Ethnographic Video Online provides a largest, comprehensive resource for the study of human culture and behavior. The collection covers every region of the world and features the work of many of the most influential documentary filmmakers of the 20th century, including interviews, previously unreleased raw footage, field notes, study guides, and more. This current release includes 815 videos totaling roughly 856 hours.  Contacts: Kim Stanton (kim.stanton@unt.edu)  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   39                  European Geosciences Union online open access journals.    European Geosciences Union Journals Resource Type: Journal Article Database with Full Text Title/Alternate Title: European Geosciences Union Journals, EGU Subjects Covered Geography, Geophysics, Chemistry, and Earth Sciences Contents: Provides full-text to 18 journals and several book series provided by the European Geosciences Union. Dates of Coverage: Varies with journal. Current.  Contact: Beth Thomsett-Scott (Beth.thomsett-scott@unt.edu)  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   40                  European Mathematical Society    More than 140 works, all published between 2004 and the present. All ebooks are downloadable (pdf) with no restriction on downloads or number of institute members.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   41                  European views of the Americas, 1493-1750    This bibliographic database is a valuable index for libraries, scholars and individuals interested in European works that relate to the Americas. EBSCO Publishing, in cooperation with the John Carter Brown Library, has created this resource from European Americana: A Chronological Guide to Works Printed In Europe Relating to The Americas, 1493-1750, the authoritative bibliography that is well-known and respected by scholars worldwide. The database contains more than 32,000 entries and is a comprehensive guide to printed records about the Americas written in Europe before 1750. It covers the history of European exploration as well as portrayals of native American peoples. A wide range of subject areas are covered; from natural disasters to disease outbreaks and slavery. The original bibliography was co-developed by John Alden and Dennis Landis, Curator of European Books at The John Carter Brown Library. The John Carter Brown Library, founded in 1846 is a foremost repository of rare books and materials and is a center for advanced research in history and the humanities.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   42                  MasterFILE premier    MasterFILE Premier provides information from general interest and current events magazines, reference books, primary source documents, and images on a broad range of subjects. Database designed specifically for a Public Library environment.  Dates of Coverage: 1975 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   43                  Military & government collection.    Military and Government Collection Provides full text, abstracts, indexes, journal articles, book reviews, and current news pertaining to all branches of the military. Dates of Coverage: varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   44                  ProQuest Ebook Central      Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database E in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.