(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20F'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database F in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-16 of 16)     Database F            1                  Family & society studies worldwide    Family & Society Studies Worldwide- coverage of research, policy, and practice literature in the fields of Family Science, Human Ecology, Human Development, and Social Welfare Dates of Coverage:  1970 to present,  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Family studies abstracts    Family studies abstracts  abstracts articles, reports, books and other materials on policy, theory and research relating to the family, marriage, divorce, traditional and alternative lifestyles, therapy and counseling.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  FDsys - Government Publications    FDsys (Federal Digital System) provides free online access to official Federal Government publications and securely controls digital content throughout its lifecycle to ensure content integrity and authenticity. FDsys offers access to about 50 different collections of federal government information. Their search system allows users to browse by collection, Congressional committee, date, and author.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Federal Response To Radicalism In The 1960S    The Federal Response to Radicalism in the 1960s collection provides access to Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) documents of the internal organization, personnel, and activties of some of the most prominent AMerican radical groups and their movements to change American government and society. Organizations, persons, and events covered in this collection include The Counterintelligence Program of the FBI (COINTELPRO), Abbie Hoffman, the Black Panther Party, Cesar Chavez and the United Farm Workers, the fire bombing and shooting at Kent State University, Malcolm X, Mississippi Burning, Muslim Mosque, Inc., Organization of Afro-American Unity (OAAU) , Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) and the Weatherman Underground Organization, the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), and the Communist infiltration of the Souther Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC).  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Field biology electronic field guides    This resource hosts 30 field guides for trees, edible, medicinal, and useful plants, wildflowers and other plants, as well fungi, galls and animals.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Film & Television Literature Index with Full Text    This resource provides a number of materials for those studying film or television, with indexing and abstracts for over 400 publications, selective coverage of 300 publications and full-text access for more than 150 journals and books. Users can access content such as Variety\u2019s movie reviews ranging from 1914 to present, or over 36,300 images from the MPTV Image Archive. Significant topics within this database include subjects such as cinematography, film and television theory, preservation and restoration, production, reviews, technical aspects, and screenwriting.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  FirstSearch    FirstSearch  Information in a wide range of subjects in 14 OCLC databases including Anthropology Education, Medicine.  Covers books, scholarly articles, dissertations, digital resources, books, ebooks, conference proceedings and Latin American journals.   Dates of Coverage:Varies by database  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Fisheries and Oceans Canada Virtual Library    Fisheries and Oceans Canada has the lead federal role in managing Canada\u2019s fisheries and safeguarding its waters. The organization disseminates information through a number of publications and reports, with various topics such as aquatic species, corporate management and reporting, economic analysis, fisheries, international fisheries, oceans, public opinion research, and science and research.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Foundation Center Databases    Foundation Center maintains a number of databases relating to U.S. and, increasingly, global grant makers and their grants. Foundation Directory Online (FDO) is a thorough database, with information on more than 140,000 grantmakers with multiple tools for researchers. Foundation Grants to Individuals Online allows individuals to look for foundation programs that fund primarily students, artists, researchers, and other individual grantseekers. Foundation Maps combines the Google Maps interface with the Foundation Center\u2019s data into a visual asset.  Notes:  This resource may only be accessed on-campus at the Eagle Commons Library. No off-campus access is allowed.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Foundation Directory Online Professional    Foundation Center maintains a number of databases relating to U.S. and, increasingly, global grant makers and their grants. Foundation Directory Online (FDO) is a thorough database, with information on more than 140,000 grantmakers with multiple tools for researchers.  Notes:  This resource may only be accessed on-campus at the Eagle Commons Library. No off-campus access is allowed.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Foundation Grants to Individuals Online    Foundation Center maintains a number of databases relating to U.S. and, increasingly, global grant makers and their grants.  Foundation Grants to Individuals Online allows individuals to look for foundation programs that fund primarily students, artists, researchers, and other individual grantseekers.  Notes:  This resource may only be accessed on-campus at the Eagle Commons Library. No off-campus access is allowed.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  Foundation Maps    Foundation Center maintains a number of databases relating to U.S. and, increasingly, global grant makers and their grants.  Foundation Maps combines the Google Maps interface with the Foundation Center\u2019s data into a visual asset.  Notes:  This resource may only be accessed on-campus at the Eagle Commons Library. No off-campus access is allowed.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  FRASER Federal Reserve archival system for economic research.    FRASER: Federal Reserve Archive System for Economic Research  Contains links to scanned images (PDF format) of historic economic statistical publications, releases, and documents including the annual Economic Report of the President. Dates of Coverage: Current, but some sources date back to the 18th through current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  FRASER publications    The Federal Reserve Archival System for Economic Research (FRASER) started in 2004 as a data preservation and accessibility project of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. FRASER\u2019s mission is to safeguard and provide easy access to economic history\u2014particularly the history of the Federal Reserve System. FRASER is a mixed subject and institutional repository that preserves and provides access to economic and banking data and policy documents. To this end, various types of documents have been digitized, including the following: various publications, statements and speeches, archival materials, statistical releases, congressional documents, books, and reports by various organizations.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  Free Full-Text Journals in Chemistry    This resource serves as a directory for online chemistry journals that provide free access to their contents. It includes journals that meet the following criteria: peer-reviewed, at least one year of free full-text content, chemistry or chemistry-related subject coverage, and provided in English (although a separate page exists for free journals printed in Russian).  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Fuente Académica Premier    Full text coverage of Spanish language scholarly journals from Latin America, Portugal and Spain. All major subject areas are covered with particular emphasis on agriculture, biological sciences, economics, history, law, literature, philosophy, psychology, public administration, religion and sociology.  Abstracts are in English and Spanish. Dates of Coverage: varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database F in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.