(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20G'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database G in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-16 of 16)     Database G            1                  Gale Legal Forms    Gale Legal Forms provides a wide selection of state-specific (and multi-state) legal forms across the most popular legal areas. Includes real estate contracts, wills, pre-marital agreements, bankruptcy, divorce, landlord tenant and many others. Also included is a comprehensive attorney state directory and a dictionary of legal definitions explained.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Gale Virtual Reference Library    Gale Virtual Reference Library  Selected reference ebooks on Business, environment, history, literature, medicine, multicultural studies, religion, science, and social science. Includes Cambridge Guide to Children's Books in English, Encyclopedia of Science & Religion, Encyclopedia of Science Technology & Ethics, Encyclopedia of Sociology, Gale Encyclopedia of Neurological Disorders, and World of Forensic Science and others. Dates of Coverage: Varies with publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Garland Encyclopedia of World Music Online    Comprehensive online encyclopedia devoted to world music research derived from the 10-volume printed version. Each volume contains an overview of a geographic region, a survey of its musical heritage, and a description of specific musical genres, practices, and performances. Geographic regions covered include Africa; South America, Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean; the United States and Canada; Southeast Asia; India; the Middle East; China, Japan, and Korea; Europe; and Australia and the Pacific Islands.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Gender studies database    Gender Studies Database  Combines the Women's Studies International and Men's Studies databases with the coverage of sexual diversity issues. This database includes more than 764,000 records,  Dates of Coverage: 1972 and earlier to the present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)    Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)  The Federal and national standard for geographic nomenclature. physical and cultural geographic features of all types in the United States, associated areas, and Antarctica, current and historical, but not including roads and highways. This database holds the Federally recognized name of each feature and defines the feature location by state, county, USGS topographic map, and geographic coordinates. Other attributes include names or spellings other than the official name, feature designations, feature classification, historical and descriptive information, and for some categories the geometric boundaries. The official U.S. repository of domestic geographic names data.  Dates of Coverage: Current:  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Glassdoor.com.    Glassdoor  A comprehensive career resource with information on thousands of companies. Glassdoor includes salary and bonuses and details for specific jobs at specific companies, as well as actual interview questions and hiring process details. Also included are reviews written by employees that highlight the pros and cons of working for a particular employer. :If accessing through the UNT Libraries site, it is not necessary to sign up to use this resource .Dates of Coverage: 2007 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Godey's lady's book    Godey's Lady's Book  The magazine developed an important literary reputation over time with the inclusion of the writings of Edgar Allen Poe, Harriet Beecher Stowe, and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, among others . Also contains fashion descriptions with hand-colored plates, biographical sketches, recipes, sheet music, and information about health, hygiene, and handcrafts. Dates of Coverage: 1830-1845  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Google Magazines    Google provides free access to a wide variety of magazines, although coverage may be sporadic or contained to a single issue.  Users can search for specific magazines in Google search, with advanced options available.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  GPO monthly catalog    GPO Monthly Catalog via FirstSearch  Includes information describing federal government information resources available through the U.S. Federal Depository Library Program.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Graduate Studies in Mathematics Backfiles, 1993-2011    Graduate Studies in Mathematics, published by the American Mathematical Society, are specifically designed as graduate studies texts, but also suitable for recommended and/or supplemental course reading.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Greenfile    Greenfile draws on the connections between the environment and a variety of disciplines such as agriculture, education, law, health, and technology. This resource provides a collection of scholarly, government, and general-interest titles and covers content about the environmental effects of individuals, corporations, and local/national governments. This tool offers indexing and abstracts for more than 780,000 records and open-access full-text for more than 11,00 records.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  Greenwood Digital Collection. Women's studies    Women's Studies E-books via Greenwood is a collection of full-text electronic books about women's roles in business, literature, the arts, media, government, history and health. Dates of Coverage: 1980s to 2006.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  Grove music    Includes the full text with ongoing updates of The new Grove dictionary of music and musicians, 2nd ed., The new Grove dictionary of opera, and The New Grove Dictionary of Jazz, 2nd ed.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  GROVEart    Grove Art Online  Grove Art Online is the first place to search for an in-depth encyclopedia article on any aspect of art including art history, archaeology, architecture, art movements, art mediums, artist biographies, art theory and criticism, etc. Constantly updated with the latest entries about the contemporary art world and contains extensive image links and bibliographic information. Contains the entire text of The Dictionary of Art (1996, 34 vols.). Dates of Coverage: 1996 - present  Notes:  This database is limited to 5 simultaneous users.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  Guide to reference    Guide to Reference  A selective guide to over 16,000 reference sources, organized by academic discipline. Resources are both print and web-based, free and subscription.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Guilford Publications Inc.    Guilford Publications  Contains  full-text of 15 psychology journals from Guilford Publications. Dates of Coverage: Varies by journal  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database G in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.