(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20H'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database H in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                Result Page   1 2 Next               Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-50 of 54)     Database H            1                  Hansard (the official report)    Parliamentary Debates. House of Commons and House of Lords Hansard (the Official Report) is the edited verbatim report of proceedings of both the House of Commons and the House of Lords. Daily debates are published the next working day by 6am. Commons debates back to November 1988. Lords debates back to 1995-96. Live and archived coverage of all UK Parliament proceedings taking place in public, including debates and committee meetings of both Houses. Historic Hansard includes debates from 1803-2005. Dates of Coverage: 1803 \u2013 current.   NOTE:  The content of the Archive site has been moved to a new provider in October 2012 but the search function has not yet been restored.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Hathi Trust    Hathi Trust is a partnership of major research institutions and libraries working to preserve and make accessible the cultural record. Hathi has digitized and made accessible millions of books and serials in the public domain. UNT only has access to materials in the public domain, not those with copyright. Full text searching is available on many types of materials.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Health and psychosocial instruments    Health and Psychosocial Instruments: HaPI  Information about health and psychosocial questionnaires, interview schedules, coding schemes, rating and other scales, and tests abstracted from leading  journals covering health sciences and psychosocial sciences. Many of these instruments are not formally published and can only be found in journal articles on clinical medicine and the behavioral sciences.  This comprehensive bibliographic database provides information about behavioral measurement instruments, including those from Industrial/Organizational Behavior and Education. LIMITED TO 10 SIMULTANEOUS USERS. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Health reference center academic    Health Reference Center Academic  Peer-reviewed journals in medicine, health, nursing and allied health and other health-related area. The material contained in this database is intended for informational purposes only.  Dates of Coverage: 1980 - Present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Health source: Consumer Edition    This resource provides patrons with a collection of consumer health information, with access to more than 80 full-text consumer health magazines as well full-text access to current health-related pamphlets and 110 health reference e-books. This database covers topics such as AIDS, cancer, diabetes, drugs and alcohol, women\u2019s health, and more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Health source: Nursing/Academic Edition    This resource provides patrons with a trusted source of nursing and allied health literature, with coverage of an array of relevant topics including pediatric nursing, critical care, mental health, nursing management, medical law, and more. This database includes more than 355 full-text journals and more than 830 abstracted and indexed journals.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  HEARTH: Home Economics Archive: Research, Tradition and History    HEARTH is a core electronic collection of books and journals in Home Economics and related disciplines. Titles published between 1850 and 1950 were selected and ranked by teams of scholars for their great historical importance. The first phase of this project focused on books published between 1850 and 1925 and a small number of journals. Future phases of the project will include books published between 1926 and 1950, as well as additional journals. The full text of these materials, as well as bibliographies and essays on the wide array of subjects relating to Home Economics, are all freely accessible on this site.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  HeinOnline    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. HeinOnline hosts a number of collections, with descriptions of contents available to users who click the question mark next to the collection title.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  HeinOnline American Association of Law Libraries (AALL)    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection includes AALL publications such as AALL Spectrum, American Association of Law Libraries Newsletter, American Association of Law Libraries President's Newsletter, Index to Legal Periodicals and Law Library Journal, Law Library Journal, Publications Clearing House Bulletin, and Technical Services Law Librarian.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  HeinOnline American Law Institute library    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection contains full runs of the Institute's Annual Reports, Proceedings, Annual Meeting Speeches, and the Institute's newsletter, The ALI Reporter. It also includes the Restatements of the Law, Uniform Commercial Code, Model Penal Code, ALI-ABA Periodicals, and the Statement of Essential Human Rights (a pioneering ALI project of the mid-1940s).  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  HeinOnline Association of American Law Schools (AALS)    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection contains AALS publications such as: AALS Directory of Law Teachers, AALS Handbook, Association of American Law Schools. Proceedings of the Annual Meeting, Clinical Law Review, and Journal of Legal Education.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  HeinOnline Bar Journals    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection contains more than 100 state and local Bar Journals. You can search by article title, author, description, date, or across the full text of the articles.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  HeinOnline Canada Supreme Court Reports    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. HeinOnline's Canada Supreme Court Reports contains the official bilingual series published under authority of the Supreme Court Act. This collection includes more than 9,400 cases which include background information, statutes and regulations, authors cited, analysis and the decision.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  HeinOnline Code of Federal Regulations    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. HeinOnline Code of Federal Regulations includes comprehensive coverage, with more than 8,500 volumes dating back to inception (1938).  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  HeinOnline Congress and the Courts    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. TThis library, featuring William H. Manz's Congress and the Courts: A Legislative History 1787-2010, brings together materials reflecting congressional concern with the composition and structure of Article III Courts and provides all relevant documents prepared by various Congresses relating to the purpose, formation, organization, and restructuring of the federal government. Also included are Federal Judicial Center Publications, Periodicals, Links to Scholarly Articles, CFR Title 28 - Judicial Administration, Other Related Works, and much more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  HeinOnline Early American Case Law    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection contains the entire Federal Cases 30 book series (1894-1897) which contains more than 20,000 cases. Also included is the Trinity Series, which includes American Decisions, American Reports, and American State Reports.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  HeinOnline English Reports    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. The English Reports delivers exact page images of the original bound reprint edition, containing more than 100,000 cases, together with the Indexes and Book of Charts. In addition, multiple navigation tools, such as a Case Locator, Chart Tool, and an Advanced Search feature enhance the ease of access to specific cases. Also included in this collection is the Statutes of the Realm (1235-1713), along with Pre-1865 Law Reports.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  HeinOnline European Center for Minority Issues    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. The European Centre for Minority Issues conducts practice-oriented research, provides information and documentation, and offers advisory services concerning minority-majority relations in Europe. This library contains several publications of the ECMI, including ECMI Reports and Working Papers.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  HeinOnline Federal Register Library    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. The Federal Register is updated on a daily basis. Its coverage is comprehensive and begins from inception (1936). Also includes the CFR from inception (1938), Official US Bulletin (1917-1919), United States Government Manual from inception (1935), Daily and Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents from inception (1965).  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  HeinOnline Intellectual Property Law Collection    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This specific collection includes millions of pages of legislative histories, treatises, documents, classics, and other materials relating to copyrights, patents, and trademarks.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   21                  HeinOnline Law Journal Library    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. The coverage of this collection ranges from the first issue published for all periodicals and goes through the most-currently published issues allowed based on contracts with publishers. Search by article title, author, subject, state or country published, full text, and narrow by date.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   22                  HeinOnline Legal Classics    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection includes thousands of works from some of the greatest legal minds in history including Joseph Story, Jeremy Bentham, William Blackstone, William Holdsworth, Henry Maine, Federick William Maitland, Frederick Pollock, Benjamin E. Cardozo, and many more. In addition to many classic treatises, this collection also includes rare items that are found in only a handful of libraries around the world.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   23                  HeinOnline National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws - Archive Publications    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This provides access to the full text of all Model Acts drafted, recommended or endorsed by the Conference. It includes the NCCUSL - Archive Publications, Handbook of the NCCUSL and Proceedings of the Annual Conference Meeting, 1st-119th Conference (1891-2010) are all available transcripts of the Proceedings of each Annual Meeting, as well as the transcripts of the discussions in the Committee of the whole of each Uniform and Model Act. Also included are the approved "successive drafts" of each Uniform and Model Act.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   24                  HeinOnline Selden Society Publications and the History of Early English Law    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection includes the Selden Society Annual Series, Selden Society Supplementary Series and the Centenary Guide to the Publications of the Selden Society published in 1987. It also includes more than 220 English Legal History Classics including abridgements, digests and dictionaries. Moreover, you will be able to access early English case law and link to other online publications in early English history.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   25                  HeinOnline Session Laws    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This library contains the session laws of all 50 U.S. states as well as Canada, Australia, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, and the D.C. Register. All states are current within 60 days of the printed publication, and all states are available back to inception.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   26                  HeinOnline Spinelli's Law Librarian's Reference Shelf    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. A collection of works, scholarly articles and tools for librarians, faculty, and students. Content includes: AALL GD-SIS State Bibliographies, AALL Publication Series, Legal Dictionaries, Serials, Cataloging Publications, Bibliographies, Bibliography of Early American Law, Legal Research Guide Series, Memorials of Law Librarians and more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   27                  HeinOnline State Attorney General Reports and Opinions    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. Attorney General Reports & Opinions constitute, for each state, an integral element in its framework of governing law, and have the characteristics of both primary and secondary authority. This collection includes access to the State Attorney General Reports & Opinions for all fifty states as well as Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Also includes access to the Opinions of the Office of Legal Counsel of the United States Department of Justice and the Official Opinions of the Attorneys General of the United States.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   28                  HeinOnline Subject Compilation of State Laws    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This library features a database giving you access to over 22,000 bibliographic records from Cheryl Nyberg and Carol Boast Robertson's Subject Compilations Bibliography Series. Many records contain extensive annotations with links directly to articles and other documents residing in HeinOnline. In addition to a searchable database, HeinOnline also includes the exact replicas of the original bound volumes.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   29                  HeinOnline U.S. Attorney General Opinions    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection includes the official opinions of the U.S. Attorney General (both the Official Opinions of the Attorneys General of the United States as well as the Opinions of the Office of Legal Counsel of the United States Department of Justice).  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   30                  HeinOnline U.S. Congressional Documents Library    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection features the complete Congressional Record Bound version, as well as the daily version back to 1980. It also includes the three predecessor titles: Annals of Congress (1789-1824), Register of Debates (1824-1837) Congressional Globe (1833-1873), and Congressional Hearings (1927-2012), as well as other important congressional material.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   31                  HeinOnline U.S. Federal Agency Documents, Decisions, and Appeals    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. Featuring reports, decisions, and records, this library is a complete collection of the official case law of some of the United States' most important U.S. Federal Agencies such as: The Federal Communications Commission (FCC), the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). It also includes more than 65 GPO best-selling legal titles.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   32                  HeinOnline U.S. Federal Legislative History Library    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. In addition to the inclusion of comprehensive federal legislative histories published by the U.S. GPO and private publishers, this library also includes a unique finding aid based on Nancy Johnson's award-winning work, Sources of Compiled Legislative Histories. Researchers should begin their U.S. federal legislative history research with this finding aid, which often includes references to law review articles on-point to a particular legislative history.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   33                  HeinOnline U.S. Presidential Library    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This library includes such titles as Messages and Papers of the Presidents, Public Papers of the Presidents, CFR Title 3 (Presidents), Daily and Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents, and other documents related to U.S. Presidents.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   34                  HeinOnline U.S. Statutes at Large    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection includes complete coverage of the Statutes at Large, and features multiple browsing and searching options to enhance the online value over the paper volumes.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   35                  HeinOnline U.S. Supreme Court Library    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. Complete coverage of the official U.S. Reports bound volumes as well as preliminary prints, slip opinions, and books and periodicals related to the U.S. Supreme Court are included in this library.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   36                  HeinOnline U.S. Treaties and Agreements Library    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This library includes all U.S. treaties, whether currently in-force, expired, or not-yet officially published. This is the world's largest and most complete online collection of U.S. treaties and agreements and includes such prominent collections as the United States Treaties and Other International Agreements set (commonly referred to as the "Blue set"), as well as famous sets from Bevans, Miller, Malloy and others.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   37                  HeinOnline United States Code    HeinOnline, sometimes known as Hein Online, serves as a source of legal information with over 100 million pages of legal history and comprehensive coverage of more than 2,000 law and law-related periodicals. This collection includes complete coverage of the United States Code dating back to inception in 1925-1926. Also includes the Early Federal Laws Collection, which represents the most complete collection of federal statute compilations prior to the US Code.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   38                  HeritageQuest online    Heritage Quest Online  Contents: U.S. Federal Census, books, PERSI, Revolutionary War, Freedmans Bank, and the U.S. Serial Set. Search other publications (books, serials, city directories, etc.) by name, places, or other keywords. Search PERSI for local history and genealogical journal articles. Dates of Coverage: Federal census, 1790 -- 1930; Searchable name indexes are available for the 1790 through 1820, 1860, 1870, and 1900 through 1930 censuses.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   39                  HighWire Press    Highwire Press facilitates the digital dissemination of over 3,000 journals, books, reference works, and proceedings. Their subject coverage widely varies, with a large number of materials in subject areas such as biological sciences, humanities, medical sciences, physical sciences, and social sciences.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   40                  Hindawi Publishing    Hindawi Publishing maintains over 430 peer-reviewed, open access journals covering a wide range of academic disciplines.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   41                  Hip Hop Archive and Research Institute    From The Hiphop Archive and Research Institute's inception in 2002 researchers, students, and participants have been committed to supporting and establishing a new type of research and scholarship devoted to the knowledge, art, culture, materials, organizations, movements and institutions of Hiphop. The Hiphop Archive and Research Institute serves to organize and develop collections, initiate and participate in research activities, sponsor events and acquire material culture associated with Hiphop in the U.S. and throughout the world. They curate materials including recordings, videos, websites, films, original papers, works, references, productions, conferences, meetings, interviews, publications, research, formal proceedings, etc. Material is collected according to particular themes and research initiatives.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   42                  Hispanic American newspapers, 1808-1980    Hispanic American Newspapers, 1808-1980  Created in cooperation with the University of Houston, this digital resource represents the single largest compilation of Spanish-language newspapers printed in the U.S. during the 19th and 20th centuries.  Features hundreds of titles, including many published bilingually in Spanish and English. Based on the "Recovering the U.S. Hispanic Literary Heritage Project," a national research effort directed by Professor Nicolás Kanellos, Hispanic American Newspapers, 1808-1980 is the first in a new American Ethnic Newspapers series, available within America's Historical Newspapers. Dates of Coverage:1808 - 1980  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   43                  Historical abstracts    Historical Abstracts   Provides searchable access to abstracts of journal articles and citations to book titles and dissertations gleaned from over 1700 journal titles dealing with the history of the world (excluding North America) from 1450 to the present. Writings in over 50 languages are included. All abstracts, however, are written in English. Links to full-text journal articles in JSTOR and Project Muse are available from some abstracts. Indexes publications from 1954 to the present. Dates of Coverage: 1998 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   44                  Historical Newspapers in Washington    The Historical Newspapers in Washington project is part of the Washington State Library\u2019s program to make its rare, historical resources more accessible to students, teachers and citizens across the state. Newspapers uploaded through this project will represent different geographic regions of the state with date coverage ranging from as early as 1870s.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   45                  History of Costume    History of Costume   A History of Costume in Slides, Notes, and Commentaries is a six-volume work of visual lectures with 1,500 color slides and slide commentaries. The collection shows, through works of art, the history of clothing for women and men throughout Western civilization from ancient Egypt to 1992.This database is undergoing some maintenance in spring 2012, but is available to users. EUID and password is required for access.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   46                  Hobbies & Crafts Reference Center    This database offers detailed "how-to" instructions and creative ideas to meet the interests of virtually every hobby enthusiast, crafts maker and recreational activities planner. Full text is provided from 1,500+ leading hobby and craft magazines and books. Other content includes over 720 videos, 160+ hobby profiles, and 3,000+ recipes. Categories covered include: Arts & Crafts, Collecting, Home & Garden, Indoor Recreation, Kids' Crafts, Model Building, Needlecrafts & Textiles, Outdoor Recreation, Performing Arts, Science & Technology, and Scrapbooking & Papercrafts.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   47                  Hofmeister XIX    Hofmeister XIX  An on-line, searchable version of the Hofmeister Monatsberichte for the years 1829-1900. Containing some 330,000 records of music publications, it is the most extensive resource for establishing what was published where and when during that period. Records are linked to facsimile images of the Monatsberichte on the Osterreichische Nationalbibliothek (Austrian National Library) website. Dates of Coverage: 1829-1900  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   48                  Home Improvement Reference Center    This database is a full-text collection of content with detailed, user-friendly \u201chow-to\u201d information covering all manner of home improvement and repair projects. Sources include leading home improvement magazines, images not found anywhere else online, and videos of popular home repair projects. Content includes: full text of 120+ reference books and 45+ magazines, 35,000+ images, nearly 100 videos of popular home repair projects, and an A-Z browsing tool for searching. Subjects Include: Maintenance, Remodeling, Electrical Work, Decorating Home & Garden, Outdoor Improvements, Plumbing, Wood Projects, and more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   49                  Hoover's online    Hoover's Online   Provides proprietary information on about 18,500 companies, 180,000 officers, and 600 industries. Furnishes access to additional information on nearly 13 million companies from leading providers such as Dun & Bradstreet. Provides advanced tools to create targeted contact lists, custom company reports, and additional tools to locate hard-to-reach small businesses. Provides an information download tool allowing users to import data into spreadsheets, CRMs, and other software for in-depth analysis of companies, competitors, and customers. Includes customizable news alerts and news coverage from top wire services. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   50                  Hospitality & tourism index    Hospitality and Tourism Index  Covers scholarly research and industry news relating to all areas of hospitality and tourism. This comprehensive index combines the records of three renowned collections: Cornell University's former Hospitality database, Articles in Hospitality and Tourism,and Purdue's former Lodging, Restaurant & Tourism Index. Together, this collection will eventually contain more than 470,000 records from 500 titles, with coverage going back to the early 1960s. Dates of Coverage: Varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                Result Page   1 2 Next          Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database H in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.