(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20I'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database I in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-20 of 20)     Database I            1                  ICPSR    An international consortium of more than 700 academic institutions and research organizations, ICPSR maintains a data archive of more than 500,000 files of research in the social sciences. It hosts 16 specialized collections of data in education, aging, criminal justice, substance abuse, terrorism, and other fields.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  IEEE Xplore    EL (IEEE Xplore)  Full text access to IEEE Journals, Transactions, Magazines, Letters, Conference Proceedings, Standards (current only), and IEE Journals and Conferences. LIMITED TO 15 SIMULTANEOUS USERS.  Dates of Coverage: 1988 to current, with some journals and conference titles available from 1950.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  IMF publications    International Monetary Fund Publications  Online access to full text of the publications of the International Monetary Fund on its Web site, searchable by author, title and subject.  Includes data and statistics, country information,  and videos of speeches.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Index of Christian art    The Index of Christian Art is the largest Medieval Art database in existence with over 80,000 entries on works of art with full-text bibliographies and nearly 100,000 images.  Dates of Coverage: Early Apostolic times to 1550 AD.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Index to Printed Music    Index to Printed Music   An online resource for finding individual pieces of music printed in standard scholarly editions, with over 307,000 index records of individual music works. The database has received support from the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  INFORMS    INFORMS PubOnLine  Full text journals in the areas of Decision Analysis, Information Systems Research, Interfaces, Management Science, Manufacturing and Service Operations Management, Marketing Science, Mathematics of Operations Research, Operations Research, Organization Science and Transportation Science. Dates of Coverage: Varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  IngentaConnect    IngentaConnect offers a comprehensive collection of academic and professional research articles, with over 5 million articles from over 10,000 different publications. This resource provides researchers with online access to full-text of electronic articles, through online purchase of individual articles or through subscriptions to periodicals. Subject interests include agriculture & food sciences, arts and humanities, biology, life sciences, chemistry, computer and information sciences, environmental sciences, economics and business, engineering, mathematics, medicine, philosophy, linguistics, physics, psychology, and social sciences.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  INSPEC    Created by the Institution of Engineering and Technology, this database provides abstracts and indexing to the world's scientific and technical papers in physics, electrical engineering, electronics, communications, control engineering, computing, information technology, manufacturing, production and mechanical engineering. In addition, Inspec also provides significant coverage in related disciplines such as materials science, oceanography, nuclear engineering, geophysics, biomedical engineering and many more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  International Bibliography of the Social Sciences    The International Bibliography of the Social Sciences (IBSS) is a database that includes over 3 million bibliographic references to journal articles, books, reviews, and selected chapters dating back to 1951. It provides broad coverage of international material and incorporates over 100 languages and countries. Subjects covered include anthropology, archaeology, cultural studies, demography, economics, education, ethnology and ethnography, political science, religious studies, and sociology.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  International bibliography of theatre & dance with full text    International Bibliography of Theatre and Dance with Full Text  Fully indexed, cross-referenced and annotated database of Performing Arts, Theatre, Drama, Dance, Communication Studies journal articles, books, book chapters and dissertation abstracts on all aspects of theatre and performance in 126 countries.  Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  International encyclopaedia for the Middle Ages IEMA    International Encyclopaedia for the Middle Ages-Online  Supplement to the Lexikon des Mittelaters (LexMA). Produced jointly under UCLA Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies and Brepolis. Covers Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East from 300-1500 CE. Designed to complement and fill in gaps of LexMA coverage. Dates of Coverage: 300-1500 C.E.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  International news historical archives    International News Historical Archives  A broad swath of world history -- from the 17th to the 21st century --and include Europe, Canada and elsewhere in the Americas, Australia, India, the Carribean, the Mideast, and a host of places in between. Headlines, articles, display ads, broadsides, and classifieds Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  International plant names index IPNI.    International Plant Names Index contains records from the Index Kewensis (seed plants), the Gray Card Index (vascular plants of the New World), the Index Filicum (ferns) and the Australian Plant Names Index (flowering plants and ferns of Australia). Provides the scientific plant name, the citation for the publication in which the plant was first identified, and the author. Dates of Coverage: 1753 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  International Security & Counter Terrorism Reference Center    International Security & Counter-Terrorism Reference Center (ISCTRC) provides an open source intelligence resource for analysts, risk management professionals, and students. ISCTRC combines deep background from scholarly writings with expert commentary from a variety of organizations, agencies and publishers and timely reviews of recent developments across the international political, military, economic, social and technical spectrum. Content includes nearly 3,000 full-text items from a variety of sources, including reports from Stratfor Analysis, Stratfor Forecasts, and Stratfor Geopolitical Diary and over 10,500 images.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  International Women's Periodicals, 1786-1933: Social and Political Issues    International Women's Periodicals provides resources related to the lives of women, the role of women in society, and the development of the public lives of women as the push for women's rights grew in the United States and England. To offer a variety of viewpoints, periodicals conceived by men, for women; conceived by male editors with strong input from female assistant editors or managers; and periodicals conceived and published by women, for women are available. Titiles from the late Eighteenth century through the early 1930s are included. Some periodical titles included in this collection include, but are not limited to: American Home Magazine, Business Woman's Magazine, Daughters of America, Progress, The American Journal of Eugenics, The Home-Maker, The New Voter, The Temperance Educational Quarterly, The Women's Industrial News, Woman's Welfare, and many more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Internet Library of Early Journals    The Internet Library of Early Journals, also known as ILEJ, was a joint project by the Universities of Birmingham, Leeds, Manchester and Oxford. It aimed to digitize substantial runs of 18th and 19th century journals, and make those images available on the internet with their associated bibliographic data. The project finished in 1999, with the core collection containing at least 20 consecutive years of three 18th century journals and three 19th century journals. The journals vary on their subject matter, each providing perspective in literature, humanities, current issues, science among other topics.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  IoP electronic journals    IoP electronic journals  Physics, engineering, and materials sciences full text journals.  Also includes information on many other scientific areas including medicine, computing, and measurement in science and technology. Dates of Coverage: 1874 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  IPoll databank    iPoll Databank  Contains over half a million of U.S. national public opinion surveys in a variety of topics. Includes questions and answers from over 150 survey organizations. Dates of Coverage: last 70+ years  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  Iter gateway to the Middle Ages and Renaissance.    Iter Databases  Iter, meaning a journey or a path in Latin, was created for the advancement of learning in the study and teaching of the Middle Ages and Renaissance (400-1700) through the development of online resources. Includes the secondary source material including:  Iter Bibliography, Iter Italicum, Milton: A Bibliography, Renaissance and Reformation, Early Theater, the Medici Archive Project, the Bibliography of English Women Writers, and others. Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  Iter Italicum    Iter Italicum  Comprehensive finding list available of previously uncatalogued or incompletely catalogued Renaissance humanistic manuscripts found in libraries and collections all over the world.   Search or browse by keyword, country, city, library, and library collection. .Dates of Coverage:  Originally published in six volumes, between 1963 and 1992,.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database I in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.