(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20J'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database J in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-8 of 8)     Database J            1                  Jackson Davis Collection of African American Educational Photographs    The Jackson Davis Collection of African American Educational Photographs, hosted by the University of Virginia Library, consists of papers and photographs given by generous donors. The collection contains photographs taken by Jackson Davis, an educational reformer and amateur photographer, of African American schools, teachers, and students throughout the Southeastern United States. He intended to depict the wretched conditions of African American schools in the south, as well how they could be improved, providing a unique view of southern education during the first half of the 20th century.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Japan science and technology information aggregator, electronic J-STAGE.    J-STAGE (Japan Science and Technology Information Aggregator, Electronic) aims to provide digitized academic journals and research papers from Japan. They offer more than 1,700 journals online.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Jazz Discography    Accurate information on over 400,000 jazz recording sessions from 1896 to today.  Notes:  Access is limited to two simultaneous users and only available at Willis Library.  PLEASE CLICK ON "LOGOUT" BEFORE LEAVING WEBSITE   Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Jazz music library.    Jazz Music Library  For online listening of thousands of jazz artists, ensembles, albums, and genres,  Jazz Music Library is essential for any jazz history, performance, theory, or music appreciation course. Labels include Verve, GRP Records, Fantasy, Concord Jazz, Impulse, Jazzology, and many others. The list of artists is enormous, ranging from past greats to musicians performing and recording today. Also included are Marian McPartlands Peabody Award-winning Piano Jazz Radio Broadcasts and never-before-released performances from the Monterey Jazz Festival and great jazz venues. Listen to Chicago jazz, New Orleans Jazz, 1920s jazz, big bands, acid jazz, Latin jazz, and more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Job & Career Accelerator    A comprehensive, online job search system. You must set up an account to use.  Includes hints on writing a resume, cover letter, and filling out a job application.  Includes information about careers including average salary by state, project growth, number employed and job openings.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Johns Hopkins guide to literary theory & criticism    Johns Hopkins Guide to Literary Theory and Criticism Contains alphabetically arranged entries on critics, theorists, critical schools and movements, and critical and theoretical innovations of specific countries and historical periods. Compiled by specialists from around the world. Designed for use by scholars as well as users interested in theoretical issues but who do not have specialized knowledge. Chronological range extends from Plato and Aristotle to the present, with wide geographical and cultural coverage. Dates of Coverage: Covers theoretical issues dating from Classical Greece to present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Journal citation reports.    Journal Citation Reports offers a systematic, objective means to critically evaluate the many of the world\u2019s journals, with quantifiable, statistical information based on citation data. Helps to measure research influence and impact at the journal and category levels, and shows the relationship between citing and cited journals  in Social Sciences and Science disciplines. Dates of Coverage: 2003 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  JSTOR    JSTOR provides access to archived backfiles of journals in the arts and sciences, business, language and literature, science, ecology and botany, and music: over 2,000 academic journals, dating back to the first volume ever published, along with thousands of monographs and other relevant materials. Users can access the full-text content beginning with the first volume of each journal although recent volumes may or may not be included, depending on the agreement between JSTOR and publishers of the journal in question. As a result, some titles may lag behind in terms of JSTOR coverage. Content may date back to 1890, up to present-day.  Notes:     Support Contact:  Todd Enoch (todd.enoch@unt.edu)            About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database J in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.