(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20L'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database L in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-25 of 25)     Database L            1                  Leadership library on the Internet    Leadership Library  Library provides directory information for individuals in federal, state, and local government, corporations, financial institutions, nonprofit organizations, the news media, law firms, trade associations, interest groups, and more. Search or browse by name, job title, organization name, industry, alma mater, etc. Government Information, Public Administration  Notes:  2 simultaneous users   Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  LearningExpressLibrary.com    LearningExpress Library seeks to assist students and adult learners who wish to refine the skills required for academic and career success, with a comprehensive collection of educational resources which include more than 800 tutorials, practice exams, eBooks for basic skills mastery, academic success, job preparation, and career advancement.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Lecture notes in computer science    Lecture Notes in Computer Science Includes the subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics (LNBI).  Topics covered include Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence (incl. Robotics), Computer Communication Networks, Software Engineering, Data Encryption, Database Management, Computation by Abstract Devices and Algorithm Analysis and Problem Complexity. Dates of Coverage:  1997-current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Lecture notes in mathematics    Lecture Notes in Mathematics Includes  Mathematics and Statistics, Mathematics, Probability Theory and Stochastic Processes, Dynamical Systems and Ergodic Theory, Mathematical Biology in General, Partial Differential Equations, Functional Analysis, Abstract Harmonic Analysis and Group Theory and Generalizations Contents: Reports on new developments in all areas of mathematics and their applications - quickly, informally and at a high level. Mathematical texts analyzing new developments in modeling and numerical simulation are included. Dates of Coverage: 1997-current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Lecture notes in physics LNP.    Lecture Notes in Physics Reports new developments in physics research and teaching quickly and informally, but with a high quality and the explicit aim to summarize and communicate current knowledge in an accessible way Dates of Coverage: 1997-current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Legal collection    Legal Collection  Full text of scholarly law journals, law review journals and legal news publications.   Dates of Coverage: varies by  title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Legal Information Reference Center    Legal Information Reference Center offers everyday users the necessary tools and detailed how-to instructions covering a wide-range of legal issues. A majority of the full-text legal reference books are provided through Nolo, the nation\u2019s oldest and most respected provider of legal information for consumers and small businesses. With the Legal Forms by U.S. State feature, users can search state-specific legal forms by top subject areas including adoption, bankruptcy, name changes and more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Lexikon des Mittelalters online    The standard encyclopaedia for medieval studies. It deals with all branches of Medieval Studies and covers the period from 300 to 1500 AD/CE for the whole of Europe and parts of the Middle East and North Africa.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  LexisNexis academic    LexisNexis Academic : Includes national and international news, business, and legal research documents, including financial statements, corporate profiles, as well as U.S. state and federal codes and statutes.  Includes information on Business Administration, Business Law, Criminal Justice, Economics, Finance, Insurance, Journalism, Law, Management, Marketing, Merchandising and Hospitality Management, Multidisciplinary, Political Science, Public Administration, Real Estate, University Courses  Dates of Coverage: 1800 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  LGBT Thought and Culture    LGBT Thought and Culture is an online resource hosting the key works and archival documentation of LGBT political and social movements throughout the 20th century and into the present day. The collection includes materials ranging from seminal texts, letters, periodicals, speeches, interviews, and ephemera covering the political evolution of gay rights to memoirs, biographies, poetry, and works of fiction that illuminate the lives of lesbian, gay, transgender, and bisexual individuals and the community.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Library & information science abstracts.    Library & Information Science Abstracts (LISA)  Abstracts Library and information Science periodicals from more than 68 countries and in more than 20 different languages. Many full-text documents are available through article and e-journal links. Dates of Coverage: 1969 to current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  Library & Information Science Source    Library & Information Science Source   formed by the merger of Library Literature & Information Science Full Text and LISTA Full text.  Indexes articles and book reviews from English and foreign-language library and information science journals. Also indexes books, chapters in conference proceedings, library school theses, and more.  Contains full-text books.  Covers librarianship, classification, cataloging, censorship, children's literature, copyright, bibliometrics, online information retrieval, information management  preservation, reference, web sites and more. Provides access to author profiles.   Dates of Coverage: Abstracts 1980 \u2013 current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  Library Literature & Information Science Retrospective 1905-1983    Library Literature & Information Science Retrospective includes hundreds of periodicals, books, book chapters, academic journals, conference proceedings and library school theses with over 1,200 publications and  more than 500,000 articles. This resource also includes multilingual coverage, with translated titles and English-language summaries from library science published material from Europe, Russia, China, India, Australia and Latin America.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Library Science Database    The Library Science database provides full-text access to titles and topics relevant to the theoretical and applied literature of library and information sciences. It includes trade publications and scholarly journals. Subject coverage includes, but is not limited to, artificial intelligence, book reviews, information science, information technology, knowledge management, library management, library use and users, online information retrieval, records management, and telecommunications.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  Life Science Teaching Resource Community    The Life Science Teaching Resource Community is an online community for life science educators at all levels. The community and educational resources found on this site are free and open to educators worldwide, although free registration may be required to participate in some community activities, such as posting comments.  LifeSciTRC contains more than 6,700 peer-reviewed teaching resources.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Linguistics and Language Behavior Abstracts    Linguistics and Language Behavior Abstracts (LLBA) via CSA abstracts and indexes the international literature in linguistics and related disciplines in the language sciences. Covers all aspects of the study of language including phonetics, phonology, morphology, syntax and semantics. Complete coverage is also given to various fields of linguistics including descriptive, historical, comparative, theoretical and geographical linguistics. Includes serials publications, abstracts of books, book chapters, and dissertations. Dates of Coverage: 1973 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  Linguistics Database    The Linguistics Database offers full-text journals and other sources in linguistics. It covers all aspects of language including phonetics, phonology, morphology, syntax, and semantics. Additional subject coverage includes anthropological linguistics, applied linguistics, discourse analysis, pathological and normal language, learning disabilities, nonverbal communication, and psycholinguistics.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  Literary Reference Center    This full-text database provides information on thousands of authors and their works across literary disciplines and timeframes. Works covered are respected reference works, books, literary journals, and original content. Content includes 252,000+ author biographies, 35,000+ plot summaries & work overviews, full-text essays, literary reference books & monographs, cover-to-cover full text for 450 literary magazines & journals, 690,000+ book reviews, 78,400+ poems from hundreds of sources, 19,700+ short stories, classic texts, 6,600+ author interviews, and multiple literary reference sources.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  Literature resource center    Literature Resource Center Full-text articles from scholarly journals and literary magazines are combined with critical essays, work and topic overviews, full-text works, biographies, bibliographies, and more to provide a wealth of information on authors, their works, and literary movements.   Includes information on literary figures from all time periods writing in such genres as fiction, nonfiction, poetry, drama, history, journalism, and more. Dates of Coverage: Varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  Liverpool University Press Journals    Liverpool University Press offers a number of scholarly journals across the humanities and social sciences, with specific subject interests in art, architecture, modern languages, English literature, history, cultural studies, and politics. Liverpool University Press also publishes books, both in electronic and print.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   21                  LLMC-Digital    LLMC-Digital is the product of a partnership between Center for Research Libraries (CRL) and Law Library Microform Consortium (LLMC) to digitized primary source legal documents for social science and humanities research especially in relation to international studies. Documents digitized include statutes, court journals, case reports, treatises, and other legal texts supporting research on topics such as international relations, global trade, environmental policy, labor politics, civil rights, and immigration. Geographic coverage includes over 50 countries with an emphasis on the former British Empire, the United States, and Haiti. Documents are presented in their original language with major languages including English, French, German, Latin, and Spanish.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   22                  Loeb Classical Library    Greek and Latin texts alongside English translations. Every work is classified by language, form, genre, subject, and date.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   23                  Lynda.com    Lynda.com is a leading online learning platform that helps people learn business, software, technology and creative skills to achieve personal and professional goals. University of North Texas students and employees have access to and are eligible to create accounts with Lynda.com video library of engaging, top-quality courses taught by recognized industry experts. Please sign-in with your euid and password.  Notes:  For more information about UNT's access to Lynda.com, please visit https://it.unt.edu/lynda   Support Contact:              About this Database                   24                  The Latino-Hispanic American Experience: Leaders, Writers, and Thinkers: The Arte Público Hispanic Historical Collection Series 2    The collection draws its content from the "Recovering the U.S. Hispanic Literary Heritage Project", the largest national project ever to locate, preserve, and disseminate Latino-Hispanic culture of the United States in its written form, from colonial times to 1960.  The database contains:  100s of rare books by Latino-Hispanic Americans; over 3,000 issues of rare historical newspapers and periodicals, including over 75,000 pages of content; over 250,000 pages of personal and organizational manuscript content; content written in Spanish (80%) and English (20%); and content indexed and searchable in Spanish and English.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   25                  The Latino-Hispanic American Experience: The Arte Público Hispanic Historical Collection Series 1    The collection draws its content from the "Recovering the U.S. Hispanic Literary Heritage Project", the largest national project ever to locate, preserve, and disseminate Latino-Hispanic culture of the United States in its written form, from colonial times to 1960.  The database contains: approximately 60,000 historical articles; 100s of political and religious pamphlets and broadsides; complete texts of over 1,100 historical books of Hispanic literature and culture; content written in Spanish (80%) and English (20%); and content indexed and searchable in Spanish and English.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database L in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.