(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20M'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database M in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-26 of 26)     Database M            1                  Macmillan cabinet papers, 1957-1963 on-line.    Macmillan Cabinet Papers (1957-1963) complete coverage (nearly 12,000 pages) of the Cabinet Conclusions (Minutes) (CAB 128) and Memoranda (CAB 129), including recently released material.  Includes correspondence with and memoranda from Government advisors and world leaders such as Kruschev, Eisenhower and Kenedy; Records of Meetings between Macmillan and other key Government figures with leading international statesmen. Also includes  five original essays concerning particular aspects of the Macmillan administration. Dates of Coverage:  1957-1963.  .  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Magna Commons    Access more than 150 professional development seminars for educators.  Notes:  Users must create an account in order to log in to this resource. To receive an access code, contact LibSerials@unt.edu.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  MarciveWeb DOCS    MarciveWeb DOCS  Contains library catalog records for U.S. government publications distributed to depository libraries nationwide, including online access to electronic copies of government documents. Dates of Coverage: July 1976 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  MAS Ultra    MAS Ultra contains full text for nearly 500 magazines geared towards high school students, with a wide range of subject area coverage which include history, science, careers, and more. Certain magazines have date coverage ranging as far back to 1975. This resource also provides patrons with full-text access to more than 158,000 biographies and primary source documents, hundreds of reference books, as well an image collection that contains photos and maps among other documents.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Material ConneXion    Material ConneXion is a materials library collection with innovative materials and processes. It is a resource for all disciplines of design development. The database allows you to discover the latest featured materials originating from a large spectrum of industries. All the materials are juried into the database by a panel of material specialists and knowledgeable professionals. It covers current information in industrial manufacturing on products, processes, and processed raw materials.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Mathematical Sciences Publishers    Mathematical Science Publishers  Contains  fulltext mathematics journals,  books and monographs, conference proceedings.   Dates of Coverage: Varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  MathSciNet    MathSciNet: Published by the American Mathematical Society.  Includes journals, as well as conference proceedings, and books or chapters  on mathematics research and its applications. Authors are uniquely identified (by their MR Author ID). Reference lists are collected and matched internally from approximately 500 journals, and citation data for journals, authors, articles and reviews is provided.  This web of citations allows users to track the history and influence of research publications in the mathematical sciences. Dates of Coverage: 1940 - Present. Bibliographic data from retrodigitized articles dates back to the early 1800s.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  MatWeb material property data.    MatWeb - Material Property Data Data sheets of thermoplastic and thermoset polymers such as ABS, nylon, polycarbonate, polyester, polyethylene and polypropylene; metals such as aluminum, cobalt, copper, lead, magnesium, nickel, steel, superalloys, titanium and zinc alloys; ceramics; plus semiconductors, fibers, and other engineering materials. Users may register to gain free access to MatWeb's advanced search features and comparison tools.  Dates of Coverage: Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Media History Digital Library    The Media History Digital Library contains digital scans of media periodicals and fan magazines from 1904 to 1963.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  MedicLatina    MedicLatina  Peer-reviewed medical journals in native Spanish covering  wide range of topics are covered including neuroscience, cardiology, nephrology, biomedicine, clinical research, pediatrics, human reproduction, clinical pathology, cancer research, and hematology. Dates of Coverage: Varies with title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Medknow publications    MedKnow Publications peer-reviewed, online/print+online journals in the area of science, engineering medicine, mathematics, ethics, sociology and business ethics.   Dates of Coverage: Varies by journal  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  MEDLINE    MEDLINE via EBSCOhost authoritative medical information on medicine, nursing, dentistry, veterinary medicine, the health care system, pre-clinical sciences, and much more. Created by the National Library of Medicine, MEDLINE uses MeSH (Medical Subject Headings) indexing with tree, tree hierarchy, subheadings and explosion capabilities to search citations from current biomedical journals.  Included are citations from Index Medicus, International Nursing Index, Index to Dental Literature, HISTLINE, SPACELINE, PREMEDLINE®, AIDSLINE®, BIOETHICSLINE®, and HealthSTAR®. Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  MEDLINEplus    MEDLINE Plus Produced by the National Library of Medicine, it brings you information about diseases, conditions, and wellness issues in language you can understand. MedlinePlus offers reliable, up-to-date health information. Includes extensive information on specific diseases and conditions as well as links to medical dictionaries, lists of hospitals and physicians, consumer health information, and clinical trials. Dates of Coverage: Varies to current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Mental measurements yearbook with Tests in Print    Tests in Print via EBSCO is a comprehensive bibliography of all known commercially available tests that are currently in print in the English language. TIP provides vital information to users including test purpose, test publisher, in-print status, price, test acronym, intended test population, administration times, publication date(s), and test author(s). The database includes Mental Measurements Yearbook, a source of reviews of all English-language standardized test covering education skills, personality, vocational aptitude, psychology, and related areas. Dates of Coverage: Current.  Notes:  No more than 8 users can access Mental Measurements Yearbook at any one time. If you find that it is unavailable please try again later.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  Mentor Commons    20 Minute Mentors provides professional development for educators through videos that each last twenty minutes.  Notes:  Users must create an account in order to log in to this resource. To receive an access code, contact LibSerials@unt.edu.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Middle English Compendium    Middle English Compendium  A compilation of the Middle English Dictionary, a HyperBibliography of Middle English prose and verse, based on the MED bibliographies, and a Corpus of Middle English Prose and Verse, as well as links to an associated network of electronic resources. Dates of Coverage: Last updated in 2006  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  Middle search plus    Middle Search Plus Popular middle school magazines covering general topics appropriate for middle and junior high school students. Full text articles are assigned a reading level indicator (lexiles). Also included are biographies, primary source documents, and an Image Collection of 400,972 photos, maps and flags. Dates of Coverage: 1985 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  Million dollar database    Dun & Bradstreet's Million Dollar Database Coverage: 305,000 U.S. businesses with $9 million+ sales or 180+ total employees, plus branches with 900+ employees this site. Company information includes industry information with up to 24 individual 8-digit SICs, size criteria (employees and annual sales), type of ownership, principal executives, subsidiaries, corporate family tree. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  MLA international bibliography    MLA International Bibliography via Ebscohost detailed bibliography of journal articles, books and dissertations. Contains citations to journals, series, and books. Subjects consist of literature, language and linguistics, folklore, literary theory & criticism, dramatic arts, rhetoric and composition and the history, theory and practice of teaching language and literature, as well as the historical aspects of printing and publishing. Produced by the Modern Language Association (MLA). Sixty different languages are represented including English, French, Spanish, German, Russian, Portuguese, Norwegian, and Swedish.  Dates of Coverage: Most publications are covered from 1926 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  Monthly catalog of U.S. government publications, 1895-1976    Monthly Catalog of US Government Publications : The comprehensive index to historical information published by the United States federal government, describing over 1.2 million items published between January 1895 and June 1976. Dates of Coverage: 1895 - 1976  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   21                  Morningstar investment research center    Morningstar Investment Research Center  Provides research on more than 30,000 stocks, mutual funds, and exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and provides screening tools and data points to build portfolios. Furnishes analysts' reports to analyze funds, stocks, and ETFs. Provides current and historical performances for stock indexes, industries, sectors, and fund categories. Returns are updated daily. Dates of Coverage: Current as well as historical.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   22                  MRI+    MRI+  Contains multiple databases for the purpose of evaluating magazines, seeking directory and editorial information. Includes Mediamark Reporter, which provides information on who buys and uses various products. The first time you access the database, you must create a free account that requires a registration code.  Registration codes may be obtained from a faculty member from the Mayborn School of Journalism or from the journalism subject librarian, Doug Campbell (doug.campbell@unt.edu) Dates of Coverage: 1999 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   23                  MRS publications    Materials Research Society Publications Full-text articles from the Journal of Materials Research are available from volume 1 (1986) to present. The MRS Proceedings Library provides access to papers presented at meetings from spring 2000 (volume 609) to the present and includes 71 proceedings volumes that were never published in print. MRS Bulletin is available from March 2000 to the present. Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   24                  Music Index    Music Index  is a comprehensive guide to music periodicals and literature featuring digitized content from 1970 to present. Contains cover-to-cover indexing and abstracts of articles about music, musicians, and the music industry for more than 480 periodicals, as well as book reviews, obituaries, news, and selective coverage for more than 200 periodicals from over 40 countries.   Dates of Coverage:  1949 -  Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   25                  Music Online: Classical Performance in Video    Music Online: Classical Performance in Video is a comprehensive video resource for the study of classical music. Users experience classical music through 1,600 performances, including 200 full operas and 75 dance titles, as well as masterclasses, documentaries, scores, and interviews. Streaming video.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   26                  Video On Demand    The UNT Libraries' Video on Demand collection covers a wide variety of topics and disciplines, including fine arts, anthropology, education, history, business, environmental sciences, linguistics, gender studies, disability studies and political science  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database M in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.