(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20N'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database N in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-19 of 19)     Database N            1                  National Academies Press    National Academies Press  Contains reports produced by the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering, the Institute of Medicine and the National Research Council. Over 3000 titles at this site are online for free, including new releases. To identify a full-text book, select a title link and look at the top left for the red tab labeled, "Read This Book Online, Free!" Dates of Coverage: 1999 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  National Center for Biotechnology Information    National Center for Biotechnology Information  contains databases and tools for researchers, including Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man database (OMIM), Basic Local Alignment Search Tool (BLAST), GenBank and many more. Dates of Coverage: Varies with publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  National Center for Health Statistics    National Center for Health Statistics Publications  contains health and vital statistics, the publication, Health, United States, and information about where to write for vital records. Many of the statistical tables are available in spreadsheet format. Contains basic health information and current research from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.     Dates of Coverage: current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  National Climatic Data Center    National Climatic Data Center Contains online climatological datasets from such publications as Monthly Climatic Data of the World (MCDW), Storm Data (SD), Local Climatological Data (LCD). PLEASE NOTE: If you are on campus and are prompted for a password, please come to the Government Documents Service Desk.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  National Criminal Justice Reference Service Abstracts    National Criminal Justice Reference Service Abstracts contains abstracts of justice publications, including Federal, State and Local government reports, books, research reports, journal articles, documents and unpublished research on a wide range of criminal justice topics including Corrections, courts, drugs, law enforcement, juvenile justice, crime statistics, domestic preparedness, and victims. Citations and abstracts are provided, and in some cases there are links to the full-text of the item. Dates of Coverage:1960's to present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  National Criminal Justice Reference Service Abstracts via ProQuest    National Criminal Justice Reference Service Abstracts (NCJRS) via ProQuest covers literature related to research, policy, and practice in the criminal justice and juvenile justice and drug control. U.S. and international publications, including federal, state, and local government reports, books, research reports, journal articles, audiovisual presentations, and unpublished research are offered. Subject coverage includes alternatives to incarceration, corrections, crime deterrence and prevention, criminal justice statistics, drug policy, juvenile justice, law enforcement, police training, probation and parole, and victims of crime.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  National Library of Australia Historic Australian Newspapers, 1803-1954    This resource, hosted and maintained by the National Library of Australia, digitizes newspapers through the Australian Newspaper Digitisation Program (ANDP). Their long-term goal is to make as many Australian newspapers as possible available through Trove, their online platform for digitized resources, especially those of a historical nature which includes coverage of materials from 1803 to 1954.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Natural & alternative treatments    Natural and Alternative Treatments contains detailed information on almost 200 different conditions and the conventional and natural treatments used to treat them, over 300 herbs and supplements, plus drug-herb and drug-supplement interactions for more than 90 drug categories. Also learn more about functional foods from A to Z.  Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Nature Publishing Group    Nature Publishing Group Online Journals  indexes journal sin Chemistry, Clinical Practice and Research, Earth and Environment, Life sciences, and Physical sciences published in association with prestigious academic societies.  Daily news from award-winning journalists, expert opinion and practical methodology, and high impact research and reviews Dates of Coverage: Varies with journal. Most back to volume 1.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Naxos music library    Naxos Music Library a comprehensive collection of recorded classical music available via streaming access. It includes the complete Naxos, Marco Polo and Da Capo catalogues. Classic pop, blues, contemporary instrumental,  gospel, and rock music as well as Chinese orchestral music are also represented. Includes biographical information on composers or artists. Can be searched by composer, work, genre and label; by keyword search.  Simultaneous User Limit: 20 users  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Naxos Music Library. Jazz    Naxos Music Library Jazz recordings in include famous Jazz Legends and Historicals, new selected titles of other leading independent labels are added every month. Available via streaming access.  Dates of Coverage: 1900s \u2013 present. Simultaneous User Limit: 20 users  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  NBER working paper series    NBER Working Papers National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) Working Papers: Nearly 500 are published each year, and many appear in scholarly journals. NBER researchers initially report their findings in scientific papers aimed at other professional economists in academic institutions, business, government, and the business media around the world. Abstracts and/or bibliographic information available for earlier papers.Dates of Coverage: 2000 \u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  NCJRS abstracts database    Site contains summaries of more than 140,000 criminal justice publications, including federal, state, and local government reports, books, research reports, journal articles, and unpublished research.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Newspaper source    Newspaper Source  provides cover-to-cover full text for many major national (U.S.) and international newspapers, including the Christian Science Monitor, USA Today, The Washington Post, The Washington Times, The Times (London), Toronto Star, etc. The database also contains selective full text for more than 330 regional (U.S.) newspapers. In addition, full-text television & radio news transcripts are provided from CBS News, CNN, CNN International, FOX News, NPR, etc. Dates of Coverage: varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  Nineteenth-century short title catalogue NSTC.    Nineteenth Century Short Title Catalog  defines the printed record of the English-speaking world from the beginning of the nineteenth century to the end of the First World War. The project aims to index all printed works published in Britain, its colonies and the United States of America, all printed works in English wherever published, and all translations from English. In addition to providing an exhaustive survey of the complete spectrum of monograph publications in the period, the catalogue indexes thousands of periodicals, directories and other ephemeral publications Dates of Coverage: NSTC Series I (1801-1815), Series II (1816-1870) and Series III (1871-1919)  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  NIST data gateway    NIST Data Gateway provides access to scientific and technical databases from the National Institute of Standards & Technology. Includes physical and chemical standards in a wide range of scientific disciplines.  Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  NLM Gateway    NLM Gateway focuses on two databases. The Meeting Abstracts database contains selected abstracts from meetings and conferences in the subject areas of AIDS, Health Services Research, and Space Life Sciences.  No new data is being added but it is still be accessible.  Health Services Research Projects in Progress contains descriptions of research funded by federal and private grants and contracts. It provides access to information about health services research in progress before results are available in a published form. All of the other resources previously accessed through the NLM Gateway are available through their individual sites.  Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  North American Industry Classification System    North American Industry Classification System the online version of the NAICS manual, updated every 5 years. NAICS is a "system for classifying business establishments. Adopted in 1997 to replace the old Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) system, it is the industry classification system used by the statistical agencies of the United States." The online manual "includes definitions for each industry, tables showing correspondence between 1997 NAICS and 1987 SICs, and a comprehensive index." Dates of Coverage: 1987 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  NSCEP/NEPIS EPA's gateway to free digital & paper publications.    National Environmental Publications Information System provides access to EPA publications including scientific reports and law & regulation.  You can search and retrieve, download, print and/or order only EPA publications from this site. Dates of Coverage: Before 1976 - Present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database N in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.