(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20O'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database O in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-14 of 14)     Database O            1                  OAIster    OAIster (OAI stands for Open Archive Initiative) is a union catalog containing millions of records that represent open access resources, built by harvesting links from open access collections worldwide. OAIster includes more than 30 million records representing digital resources from more than 1,500 contributors.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Occupational Information Network    Occupational Information Network O*NET Comprehensive database of the U.S. Employment and Training Administration that identifies and describes occupations, worker skills, knowledge, abilities, and workplace requirements. Replaced the Dictionary of Occupational Titles.  Dates of Coverage: current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Occupational Outlook Handbook    Occupational Outlook Handbook provides the employment outlook for hundreds of different occupations. Topics included for each occupation are: nature of the work; working conditions; employment, training, other qualifications, and advancement; job outlook; and earnings. Produced by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics  Dates of Coverage: current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  OCLC FirstSearch ebooks    Ebooks via FirstSearch Provides bibliographic information with holdings information on all electronic books in the OCLC WorldCat.  Dates of Coverage: varies  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  OECD iLibrary    OECD iLibrary is the online library of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) featuring its books, papers and statistics and is the gateway to OECD\u2019s analysis and data. OECD iLibrary also contains content published by the International Energy Agency (IEA), the Nuclear Energy Agency (NEA), the OECD Development Centre, PISA (Programme for International Student Assessment), and the International Transport Forum (ITF). It contains over 9,000 e-books, 4,000 articles and working papers, among other materials.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Online library of liberty    This resource contains electronic versions of classic books on individual liberty, covering the disciplines of economics, history, law, literature, philosophy, political theory, religion, war, and peace. Contents of the library range from over 4,000 years old to present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Opera in video    Opera in Video Contains some of the most important opera performances, captured on video through staged productions, interviews, and documentaries. Selections represent the world\u2019s best performers, conductors, and opera houses and are based on a works importance to the operatic canon. Presents an overview of the most commonly studied operas. Multiple performances and stagings worldwide allow for analysis of stage design, vocal techniques, roles, and musical interpretation across time periods, opera houses, and conductors. Performances cover the full range of operatic composition, from Baroque to 20th century.  Streaming video.   Dates of Coverage: 1980s - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Opposing Viewpoints In Context    Opposing Viewpoints In Context covers today's hottest social issues, from Offshore Drilling to Climate Change, Health Care to Immigration.  Helps students research, analyze and organize a broad variety of data for conducting research, completing writing assignments, preparing for debates, creating presentations and more.  Includes pro/con essays; topic overviews; primary source documents; biographies of social activists and reformers; court-case overviews; periodical articles; statistical tables, charts and graphs; images;  podcasts, including weekly presidential addresses and premier NPR programs; and a national and state curriculum standards search, correlated to the content that allows educators to quickly identify material by grade and discipline. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Oxford dictionary of national biography    Oxford Dictionary of National Biography a record, including images,  of men and women who have shaped British history and culture, worldwide, from the Romans to the 21st century. The Dictionary offers concise, up-to-date biographies written by named, specialist authors. Dates of Coverage: 2004- current  Notes:  1 simultaneous user   Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Oxford English Dictionary    The Oxford English Dictionary (OED) is widely regarded as the accepted authority on the English language, serving as a guide to the meaning, history, and pronunciation of 600,000 words from across the English-speaking world.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Oxford history of western music    Oxford History of Western Music Online  A searchable online version of  Richard Taruskin\u2019s landmark landmark 5 volume  Includes all 1.25 million words, 500 images, and 1,800 musical examples from the updated paperback edition.  Accompanied by editorially selected links to relevant articles in Grove Music Online.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  Oxford Journals    Oxford University Press journals includes full and optional open access to more than 90 journals drawn from a variety of subject areas.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  Oxford music online    Oxford Music Online  A gateway offering users the ability to access and cross-search multiple music reference resources in one location, including Oxford Dictionary of Music, Grove Music Online, Oxford Companion to Music, and the Encyclopedia of Popular Music. Limited to 11 simultaneous users.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Oxford reference online    Oxford Reference Online Provides full text access to numerous dictionaries and encyclopedias by Oxford University Press as well as selected titles from the Oxford Companion series. Dates of Coverage 2002 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database O in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.