(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20P'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database P in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-36 of 36)     Database P            1                  PapersInvited    PapersInvited consists of detailed information and deadlines about calls for papers for forthcoming conferences and special issues of scholarly journals. These calls for papers are issued by professional bodies, journal editors and other conference organizers in all disciplines and from all over the world. Thus, the database serves as an alerting service for researchers, scholars and students that are seeking opportunities to present and publish their research. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Parker Library on the web    Parker Library on the Web An interactive, web-based workspace designed to support use and study of the manuscripts in the historic Parker Library at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. Includes a substantial proportion of all extant manuscripts in Anglo-Saxon, including the earliest copy of the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle (c. 890), unique copies of Old English poems and other texts, and King Alfred's translation of Gregory the Great's Pastoral Care, and much more. Dates of Coverage: VI - XVIII Centuries  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Patrologia Latina the full text database.    Patrologia Latina Database Electronic version of the first edition of Jacques-Paul Migne's Patrologia Latina, published between 1844 and 1855, and the four volumes of indexes published between 1862 and 1865. Contains the complete Patrologia Latina, including all prefatory material, original texts, critical apparatus and indexes. Migne's column numbers, essential references for scholars, are included. Dates of Coverage: Comprises the works of the Church Fathers from Tertullian in 200 AD to the death of Pope Innocent III in 1216  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Philosopher's index    Philosopher's Index via CSA provides informative, author-written abstracts covering scholarly research in all areas of philosophy. The global literature covered goes back to 1940 and includes journal articles, books, book chapters such as contributions to an anthology and book reviews. Dates of Coverage: 1940 \u2013 current with additional records dating back to 1902.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  PILOTS: Published International Literature on Traumatic Stress    PILOTS (Published International Literature on Traumatic Stress) Each record is a representation of a document, containing: a bibliographic citation, giving the information (author, title, and source) needed to locate the document; a description of the article's content, information which basic computer search techniques can use in selecting documents of possible interest; and a brief summary, to help in determining whether it contains information relevant to a particular enquiry. Sponsored by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Dates of Coverage: 1870 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Pivot    Pivot is a comprehensive, global source of funding information coupled with more than three million pre-populated scholar profiles, allowing funding opportunities to be easily matched with researchers and potential collaborators to be quickly identified.  Individual profiles are pre-established based on information found on university websites, but users are encouraged to update their profiles with information about their expertise and research interests.  Although the funding database is searchable, Pivot also automatically identifies funding opportunities that appear to be appropriate based on the profile content.  The profile system allows users to search for others with similar research interests, both on the same campus and at outside institutions.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Play Index    This database covers classic and historical plays, along with the works of contemporary playwrights from 1949 to the present. Coverage includes new editions, translations, and descriptive annotations to summarize the plot and musical requirements. Content covers one-act plays, pageants, plays in verse, radio and television plays, classic drama and monologues. The resource has approximately 31,000 plays published individually or in collections and over 600 monologues.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Policy archive    PolicyArchive digital archive of global, non-partisan public policy research includes summaries and full texts, videos, reports, briefs, and multimedia material of think tank, university, government, and foundation-funded policy research. A free, and open digital archive of foundation-funded and other public policy research.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Policy File Index    Policy File Index is a resource for U.S. public policy research. Information is provided from public policy think tanks, nongovernmental organizations, research institutes, university centers, advocacy groups, and other entities. Foreign and domestic policy topics are included. Some records link directly to the full-text report, paper, document, or other source. Subject coverage includes social sciences, political science, public policy, international relations, public administration, and economics.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Political database of the Americas    Political Database of the Americas Contains information about institutions and political processes, national constitutions, branches of government, elections, political constitutional studies, and other subjects related to the strengthening of democracy in the Americas.  Dates of Coverage: 1995 - current; varies by country  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Portal to Texas History    Portal to Texas History a gateway to Texas history materials for educators, lifelong learners, and researchers. It includes collections from museums, archives, historical societies, and libraries throughout the state of Texas. It is maintained by the University of North Texas Libraries' Digital Projects Unit. The Portal continues to grow as additional partners contribute digital versions of their collections. We hope you'll return often to discover our latest additions. By 2010, the Portal hosted over 900,000 digital images. Dates of Coverage: pre-1519 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  PRAIRIEMAP, a GIS database for prairie grassland management in western North America    The PRAIRIEMAP web site (http://prairiemap.wr.usgs.gov) contains links to partners, documentation of the data, and a directory of GIS data that can be downloaded.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  Preserving and digitizing plant images: linking plant images and databases for public access.    Preserving and Digitizing Plant Images: Linking Plant Images and Databases for Public Access A project which links plant images with their associated data in TROPICOS, the Missouri Botanical Garden's web database. Contains an estimated 10,000 to 12,000 slides from the collections of Alwyn Gentry, Ph.D., Thomas Croat, Ph.D., and Peter Goldblatt, Ph.D Dates of Coverage: Project completed in 2000.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  PressReader    PressReader is a news community where people can read, share, and talk about news. PressReader partners with top magazine and newspaper publishers in over 100 countries to help them distribute their content globally. All of the publications offered can be read online, in print or downloaded via the PressReader app.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  Primary search    Primary Search covers popular childrens' magazines and over 100 childrens pamphlets. It is designed for the elementary school student.  Dates of Coverage: 1986 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  ProceedingsFirst    ProceedingsFirst via FirstSearch abstracts published in printed reports of congresses, conferences, etc. received by the British Library; international in scope. Dates of Coverage: 1993 to present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  Professional Development Collection    Professional Development Collection Designed for professional educators, this database provides a highly specialized collection of high quality education journals, including peer-reviewed titles. Also contains more than  educational reports. Dates of Coverage: Current, Coverage varies for journal titles indexed  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  Project Euclid    Project Euclid Prime Collection contains  Theoretical and applied mathematics and statistics journals from various publishers, offered through a cooperative project sponsored by Cornell University. The colored squares beside the journals provide no meaningful information for UNT users. We have online and/or print access to almost all the Project Euclid journals; check the library catalog if you cannot get to full text from within Project Euclid. Dates of Coverage: Coverage varies by title, but some journals include access from volume 1.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  Project Muse    Project Muse serves as a leading provider of digital humanities and social science content for the scholarly community, granting patrons access to books and electronic journals through their online portal. Project Muse provides content from a number of university presses and scholarly societies, with over 120 publishers participating.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  PROLA Physical review online archive.    PROLA: Physical Review Online Archive  A Service of the American Physical Society (APS). This resource houses the current issues and archives (back to 1893 in one case) for the APS journals. Dates of Coverage: Varies with journal; 1893 - 2005  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   21                  ProQuest    Proquest Online  A multidisciplinary database that searches all ProQuest databases for which the library has a subscription. If you have problems going beyond the first page of results, click Tools--Internet Options--Delete Files and then click Settings to make sure "Automatically" is checked. Dates of Coverage: 1995 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   22                  ProQuest Congressional    ProQuest Congressional Includes information on bills, laws, regulations, Congressional publications, current and previous Members of Congress, campaign finance information, financial disclosures, voting records, and committee membership. Also includes the full text of some Congressional reports, documents, and testimonies. Dates of Coverage: 1789 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   23                  ProQuest dissertations and theses.    ProQuest Dissertations and Theses Database a comprehensive collection of dissertations and theses. The database offers full text for most of the dissertations added since 1997 and strong retrospective full text coverage for older graduate works. Where available, PQDT Full Text provides 24-page previews of dissertations and theses. Dates of Coverage: 1861 to present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   24                  ProQuest government periodicals index    ProQuest Government Periodicals Index A collection of articles from periodicals produced by the United States government, including bibliographic information.  Dates of Coverage: 1988 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   25                  Proquest political science    ProQuest Political Science Journals includes articles from leading political science journals, including such topics as comparative politics, political economy, international development, and environmental policy.  Dates of Coverage: 1985 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   26                  Proquest Statistical Insight    ProQuest Statistical Insight provides abstracting, indexing, and full text for publications from hundreds of public domain and licensed sources. Includes U.S. state, U.S. federal government, and international statistics on a variety of subjects. Users scan the contents of these datasets, select subjects and variables of interest, and view the data in side-by-side tables and charts. The product also provides accompanying metadata in the form of citation records to provide details on how the data were collected and obtained.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   27                  PsycARTICLES    PsycARTICLES via Ebscohost indexes journals from the American Psychological Association, the APA Educational Publishing Foundation, the Canadian Psychological Association and Hogrege Publishing Group. Full Text coverage is from 1987 to present. Nearly all APA journals go back to Volume 1, Issue 1. Dates of Coverage: 1984 \u2013 current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   28                  PsycCritiques    PsycCRITIQUES via Ebscohost  a database of full-text book reviews featuring current scholarly and professional books in psychology. It also publishes reviews from a psychological perspective of popular films and trade books. Replaces the print journal Contemporary Psychology: APA Review of Books. Includes Backfiles of reviews from 1995. Dates of Coverage: 1956 - Present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   29                  Psychology & behavioral sciences collection    Psychology and Behavioral Sciences Collection a comprehensive database covering information concerning topics in emotional and behavioral characteristics, psychiatry & psychology, mental processes, anthropology, and observational & experimental methods. Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   30                  PsycInfo    PsycInfo via Ebscohost peer-reviewed literature in behavioral science and mental health. Includes information about the psychological aspects of related fields such as medicine, psychiatry, nursing, sociology, education, pharmacology, technology, linguistics, anthropology, business, law, and others.Contains  citations and summaries dating as far back as the 1600s. Dates of Coverage: Journal coverage is 1872 to current. Chapter and book coverage is 1987 to current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   31                  PsycTESTS via EBSCOhost    PsycTESTS via EBSCOhost Produced by the American Psychological Association (APA), the database serves as a repository for a growing selection of psychological tests and measures, including actual test instruments and test items that are available for immediate download and use in research and teaching. PsycTESTS is an authoritative source of structured information about tests of relevance to psychologists and professionals in related fields such as psychiatry, management, business, education, social science, neuroscience, law, medicine, and social work. While focused on contemporary instances of test use, coverage spans more than a century. Dates of Coverage: Varies  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   32                  PubChem    PubChem Information on the biological activities of small molecules Organized as three linked databases within the NCBI's Entrez information retrieval system. These are PubChem Substance, PubChem Compound, and PubChem BioAssay. PubChem also provides a fast chemical structure similarity search tool. Dates of Coverage: 2004 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   33                  Public library of science    Public Library of Science Provides open/free access to scholarly journals over a wide range of biology and medicine topics. Dates of Coverage: 2000 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   34                  Public STINET    Public STINET  Centralized resources for scientific, technical and related defense information services, databases, systems, or networks for the acquisition, organization, retrieval, and dissemination of information to support the Defense Community. Citations of unclassified unlimited documents that have been entered into DTIC's Technical Reports Collection, as well as the electronic full-text of many of these documents. Public STINET also provides access to the Air University Library Index to Military Periodicals, Staff College Automated Military Periodical Index, DoD Index to Specifications and Standards, and Research and Development Descriptive Summaries. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   35                  PubMed    MEDLINE - PubMed Abstracts for journal articles covering the broad realm of biomedical literature covered in MEDLINE, PreMEDLINE, and HEALTHSTAR, life science journals (publisher-supplied citations), and online books.  Includes medicine, nursing, dentistry, veterinary medicine, the health care system, and preclinical sciences.  Uses MESH headings as well as keyword searching.  , life science journals, and online books. Citations may include links to full-text content from PubMed Central and publisher web sites. Dates of Coverage: Varies  by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   36                  PubMed central    PubMed Central (National Library of Medicine) Digital archive of life sciences journal literature, developed and managed by the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) at the U.S. National Library of Medicine (NLM)  Dates of Coverage: Varies by journal; PMC has material dating back to mid- to late-1800s or early 1900s for some journals  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database P in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.