(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20R'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database R in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-14 of 14)     Database R            1                  Race relations abstracts    Race Relations Abstracts includes bibliographic records selected from the most important sources within the discipline covering essential areas related to race relations, including ethnic studies, discrimination, immigration studies, and other areas of key relevance to the discipline.  Dates of Coverage: 1975 \u2013 current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Ravel Law    Ravel indexes case law at the local, state and federal levels and provides a unique visualization tool to identify and contextualize U.S. case law.  Notes:  To access Ravel, you must create a personal account using a valid unt.edu email address.  To set up this account: 1.From the Ravel home page, click "Sign In" in the upper right hand corner. 2.Click the "Sign Up" button 3.Fill out the Sign Up form using your UNT email address. If you do not have an expected graduation date just type any future date. 4.Click the "Create Account" button to activate your Ravel Advanced access and begin searching!   Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Readers' guide abstracts    Readers Guide Abstracts via Ebscohost comprehensive indexing of popular and important periodicals published, dating back in art, business, education, entertainment, fashion, health & medicine, history, politics, religion, sports & fitness, travel and much more. For earlier articles see Reader\u2019s Guide Retrospective via Ebscohost. Dates of Coverage: 1983 to present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Readers' guide retrospective    Readers Guide Retrospective via Ebscohost. provides indexing of over three million articles from more than 550 leading magazines. This important resource offers a wide range of researchers access to information about history, culture, science and seminal developments across nearly a century. For popular, general interest journal articles beginning from 1983 to the present, search Reade\u2019s Guide Abstracts database.  Dates of Coverage: 1890 to 1982  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Redalyc sistema de informacion cientifica Redalyc : red de revistas cientificas de America Latina y el Caribe, Espana y Portugal.    Redalyc The Network of Scientific Journals of Latin America and the Caribbean, Spain and Portugal Redalyc is a project promoted by the Autonomous University of Mexico State (UAEM), with the aim of contributing to the dissemination of scientific activity that occurs in editorials in Latin America.  Dates of Coverage: 1993 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  RefWorks    RefWorks: reference management software that allows users to generate citations and bibliographies in a variety of formats.  Available to all UNT members, but you need to sign up for an account the first time you use.  Note: Please be aware that Write-N-Cite v.2 requires that documents be saved in Word 97-2003 (.doc) format to work properly. Write-N-Cite III should be used for Word 2003 and later.  Notes:  RefWorks is in the process of transitioning to a new platform.  If you have not yet migrated your account to the new platform, please use the main link.  If you have migrated, please use https://refworks.proquest.com/   Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Regional business news    Regional Business News includes abstracts for regional U.S. and Canadian business publications , including  newspapers, radio & TV news transcripts, and trade publications.  Dates of Coverage: Varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Religion and philosophy collection    Religion and Philosophy Collection a comprehensive full-text database covering topics such as world religions, major denominations, biblical studies, religious history, epistemology, political philosophy, philosophy of language, moral philosophy and the history of philosophy. Dates of Coverage: 1975 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Research library    Research library (Periodical Abstracts Research II) a general reference database of a diversified mix of scholarly journals, trade publications, and magazines covering over 150 academic disciplines. Note: If search results do not show beyond first page, you should click Tools-Internet Options-Delete Files and then click on Settings to make sure "Automatically" is checked.Dates of Coverage: 1971 - Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  RIA checkpoint    RIA CHECKPOINT Tax Library includes complete libraries of federal taxation; also state, local and international taxation. It also includes tax research materials encompassing the Internal Revenue Code, Treasury Regulations, Committee Reports, Tax Treaties, IRS Rulings and IRS Releases, legislation (pending and enacted), Federal Tax Court and Federal Court Decisions, Tax Court Memoranda, editorial materials, journals, treatises, and Tax News Alert databases. This is a password protected resource. Obtain passwords from http://ria.thomson.com/cploginids. Be sure to use your Eaglemail email address when filling out the form at this url. Make every effort to remember your login id and password because when you try this a second time it will say existing user and not give you a new login. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS DATABASE IS ONLY AVAILABLE TO UNT USERS. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  RILM abstracts of music literature    RILM via Ebsco Repertoire International de Litterature Musicale (RILM) is a comprehensive bibliography of writings on music, serving the global music research community.  The documentation of conference proceedings goes back to 1835 Dates of Coverage: 1967 to current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  RIPM via EBSCO    RIPM via EBSCOhost The Retrospective Index to Music Periodicals / Repertoire international de la presse musicale (RIPM) is one of four international cooperative bibliographic undertakings in music, alongside Le Repertoire international des sources musicales (RISM), Le Repertoire international de litterature musicale (RILM), and Le Repertoire international d'iconographie musicale (RIdIM). "These are, without doubt, the most important current bibliographic documentation projects in the field of music research." Dates of Coverage: 1800 to 1950.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  RISM: Répertoire International des Sources Musicales    RISM is an international collective undertaking with the aim of comprehensively documenting surviving music sources anywhere in the world.   The RISM keeps track of what is in existence and where it is kept.  The online-catalogue offered here contains around 700,000 references almost exclusively to music manuscripts. This online-catalogue contains data on Series A/II: Music manuscripts after 1600, which was previously published as a CD-ROM or an Internet databank.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Routledge Encyclopedia of Modernism    Routledge Encyclopedia of Modernism brings together interdisciplinary content about the Modernist period. Articles are from experts in the field and supported by images, for different places, movements, and subjects in Modernism. The content is fully cross-referenced, allowing for greater discoverability between fields, and covers eight key subject areas: Literature, Architecture, Visual Arts, Music, Dance, Theatre, Film, and Intellectual Currents. Researchers can browse by subject, movement, or place in order to discover connections between key topics and fields.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database R in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.