(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20S'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database S in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                Result Page   1 2 Next               Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-50 of 53)     Database S            1                  60 Minutes: 1997-2014    This online collection provides 350 hours of video from 17 years of broadcasts. True to 60 MINUTES\u2019 iconic style, each news segment within the collection serves as a standalone short documentary on a specific news topic.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Safari Tech Books online    Safari Tech Books online a catalog of online books in Information Technology and Computer Science. Titles can be saved or printed, though only a section at a time. UNT currently subscribes to a subset of the titles. Because UNT does not have full-text access to all titles, you will need to check the "My Books" button to assure full text access.  NOTE: Access is limited to four simultaneous users Dates of Coverage: Generally dating from 2001 to current (though some "classic" older materials as still available).  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Sagamore Publishing Journals      Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Sage Journals online    Sage Journals Online indexes journals from ten different Full-Text Collections including Communication Studies, Criminology, Education, Management & Organization Studies, Materials Science, Health Sciences, Political Science, Psychology, Sociology, and Urban Studies & Planning. Dates of Coverage: varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Sage Knowledge    Sage Knowledge contains SAGE eBook and eReference content in the social sciences, including scholarly monographs, reference works, handbooks, series, professional development titles, and more. Also contains suggestions for relevant content in other books and SAGE Journals.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Sage Research Methods    SAGE Research Methods is a research methods tool created to help researchers, faculty and students with their research projects. SAGE Research Methods links over 175,000 pages of SAGE\u2019s renowned book, journal and reference content. Researchers can explore methods concepts to help them design research projects, understand particular methods or identify a new method, conduct their research, and write up their findings. Since SAGE Research Methods focuses on methodology rather than disciplines, it can be used across the social sciences, health sciences, and more. Subject coverage includes sociology, health, criminology, education, anthropology, psychology, business, political science, history, economics, among others.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Sage Research Methods Cases    SAGE Research Methods Cases is a collection of case studies of real social research that faculty can use in their teaching. Cases are original, specially commissioned, and designed to help students understand often abstract methodological concepts by introducing them to case studies of real research projects. Subject coverage includes sociology, health, criminology, education, anthropology, psychology, business, political science, history, economics, among others.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Sage Research Methods Datasets    SAGE Research Methods Datasets is a collection of teaching datasets that can be used to support the teaching and independent learning of quantitative and qualitative analytical methods used in the social sciences. These are datasets taken from real research projects, but edited and cleaned for teaching purposes. Each dataset is accompanied by a narrative description of the data and instructions on how to apply the research method. Datasets can be downloaded in a range of file formats and cited in various citation styles.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Salem history    Salem History a collection of history reference online books, includes Decades series, Weapons & Warfare, Great Lives from History, Encyclopedia of American Business, and Milestone Documents.  Dates of Coverage: Varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Salem literature    Salem Literature Literary reference sources including their Critical Insights series featuring classic and current literary criticism. Also includes Critical Surveys of Literature, Masterplots, Masterplots II, Cyclopedias of Literature, and many other literature titles. This database includes many photographs as well.  Dates of Coverage: Varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Samuel J. May anti-slavery collection    Samuel J. May Anti-Slavery Coll. An extensive collection from Cornell University of slavery and abolitionist materials, the collection numbers over 10,000 titles and includes pamphlets and leaflets that document the anti-slavery struggle at the local, regional, and national levels. Much of the May Anti-Slavery Collection was considered ephemeral or fugitive, and today many of these pamphlets are scarce. Sermons, position papers, offprints, local Anti-Slavery Society newsletters, poetry anthologies, freedmen's testimonies, broadsides, and Anti-Slavery Fair keepsakes all document the social and political implications of the abolitionist movement.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  Scholarly electronic publishing bibliography    Scholarly Electronic Publishing Bibliography contains  elected English-language articles, books, and other printed and electronic sources that are useful in understanding scholarly electronic publishing efforts on the Internet. The bibliography covers a wide range of topics, such as digital copyright, digital libraries, digital preservation, digital repositories, e-books, e-journals, license agreements, metadata, and open access. A limited number of pre-1990 key resources are included.  Dates of Coverage: 1990 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  Science & technology collection    Science and Technology Collection  Contains full text journals and indexing and abstracts.  Topics include: Aeronautics, astrophysics, chemistry, computer technology, geology, aviation, physics, archaeology, and materials science.  Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication. e.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Science citation index    Multidisciplinary index to the international literature for all areas of science and technology, covering the most cited journals. Covers the world's most significant scientific and technical journals across more than 160 scientific disciplines. Allows the user to search a reference to find articles that have cited that particular reference. CD-based using Citrix. Optimum usage periods for this product are Friday and Saturday nights. For 1995 to the present, consult Web of Science.  Dates of Coverage: 1980-1994, with abstracts for 1992 & 1994  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  Science.gov USA.gov for science.    Science.gov  searches databases and selected websites from 13 federal agencies, offering 200 million pages of authoritative U.S. government science information including research and development results. Dates of Coverage: Varies by agency.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  Science in Context    Science in Context is an online experience for those seeking contextual information on hundreds of today's most significant science topics. The solution merges Gale's authoritative and continuously updated reference content with full-text magazines, academic journals, news articles, experiments, images, videos, audio files and links to vetted websites organized into a user-friendly portal experience.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  ScienceDirect    ScienceDirect connects researchers, teachers, and students to a broad array of high quality journal articles, book chapters, and supplementary data; users can access over 2,000 academic journals and more than 33,000 books. ScienceDirect offers content from four major subject areas: physical sciences and engineering, life sciences, health sciences, and social sciences and humanities. ScienceDirect also hosts a number of open-access journals.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  SciFinder Scholar    SciFinder Scholar This is the BEST tool to use to find chemical or chemistry related information. A research discovery tool that allows you to explore the CAS databases containing literature from many scientific disciplines including biomedical sciences, chemistry, engineering, materials science, agricultural science, and more! This Resource requires registration to access. The database is updated daily. This is the web version of SciFinder Scholar. You need to register at Registration to register using an x.y@unt.edu e-mail. The e-mail will need to validated within 24 hours before you can use SciFinder.    Dates of Coverage: 1907 - Present  Notes:  You need to register at https://origin-scifinder.cas.org/registration/index.html?corpKey=3574ABFD-86F3-50AB-5853-7F37D9CB1A36 using an x.y@unt.edu e-mail. The e-mail will need to be validated within 24 hours before you can use SciFinder.   Support Contact:  Erin O'Toole Erin.Otoole@unt.edu)    This Resource requires registration at https://origin-scifinder.cas.org/registration/index.html?corpKey=3574ABFD-86F3-50AB-5853-7F37D9CB1A36  to access.        About this Database                   19                  Scitable a collaborative learning space for science.    Scitable Scitable is collaborative learning space for science by Nature Publishing Group. Currently concentrates on genetics and cell biology, which include the topics of evolution, gene expression, and the rich complexity of cellular processes shared by living organisms. Scitable also advice about effective science communication and career paths. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  Scitation    Provides full-text access to journals published and distributed by the American Institute of Physics, American Physical Society, American Society of Civil Engineers, American Society of Mechanical Engineers International, International Society for Optical Engineering, and other science and engineering societies.  Covers physics, astronomy, electronics, engineering, materials science, mathematics and associated disciplines.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   21                  SciTech Premium Collection    The SciTech Premium Collection includes full-text journals, magazines, technical reports, conference proceedings, government publications. The topics included are on natural science, engineering, technology, and in addition to many more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   22                  Scribner writers series    Scribner Writers Series includes signed essays on more than 1,600 authors and literary genres. Dates of Coverage: Varies by title.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   23                  Sears list of subjects    Sears List of Subject Headings via Ebscohost is a thesaurus-like database delivering a core list of headings, together with patterns and examples to guide the cataloger in creating further headings as needed. Especially useful for small and medium sized libraries, the resource suggests headings appropriate for use in catalogs and provides patterns and instructions for adding new headings as they are required. New and revised headings in each edition reflect developments in the material catalogued, in the use of the English language, and in cataloging theory and practice. Dates of Coverage: Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   24                  Serials directory    Serials Directory from EBSCO provides access to the most up-to-date and accurate bibliographic information plus current pricing structures for popular serials. The database contains nearly 250,000 U.S. and international titles, including newspapers; data from more than 108,000 publishers worldwide, including e-mail and Internet addresses; and Library of Congress and Dewey Decimal Classifications for every entry. Dates of Coverage: Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   25                  Short Story Index    This database covers short stories, with detailed indexing for hundreds of thousands of works. The resource is searchable by author, title, subject, keyword, date, literary technique and source, genre or by any combination of terms. Content includes 117,000+ stories from more than 4,200 collections and anthologies, with full text for nearly 5,000 stories. Coverage dates back to 1984.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   26                  Silent Film Online    Silent Film Online is a database of streaming videos covering silent features, serials, and shorts, representing the basis of modern cinematic technique and film theory. Keyword searchable and browsable by director, producer, actor, genre, country of origin, awards, subjects, release date, and language, the database provides high-quality versions of films from leading distributors such as Kino Lorber, Lobster Films, Flicker Alley, and Image Entertainment and currently offers films from U.S., German, British, Soviet, and French sources. In addition, a selection of silent era related documentary films are included. Dates of Coverage: 1890s\u20131930s.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   27                  SIRS Government Reporter    SIRS Knowledge Source is a suite of databases targeted to K-12 students and instructors. All content is carefully selected to support student research, study and homework. Four databases cover 300+ leading contemporary issues, information by and about the U.S. government, perspectives on arts and humanities, and 20,000+ websites selected for reliability and credibility. Additional features include collections of interactive books on citizenship and general reference. Content covers thousands of full-text entries from encyclopedias, books and periodicals; websites; maps; and videos. Additional educator resources support skills in information literacy, research, debate, writing, problem-solving, analysis, and curriculum standards. Dates of Coverage: 1980s\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   28                  SIRS Issues Researcher    SIRS Knowledge Source is a suite of databases targeted to K-12 students and instructors. All content is carefully selected to support student research, study and homework. Four databases cover 300+ leading contemporary issues, information by and about the U.S. government, perspectives on arts and humanities, and 20,000+ websites selected for reliability and credibility. Additional features include collections of interactive books on citizenship and general reference. Content covers thousands of full-text entries from encyclopedias, books and periodicals; websites; maps; and videos. Additional educator resources support skills in information literacy, research, debate, writing, problem-solving, analysis, and curriculum standards. Dates of Coverage: 1980s\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   29                  SIRS Knowledge Source    SIRS Knowledge Source is a suite of databases targeted to K-12 students and instructors. All content is carefully selected to support student research, study and homework. Four databases cover 300+ leading contemporary issues, information by and about the U.S. government, perspectives on arts and humanities, and 20,000+ websites selected for reliability and credibility. Additional features include collections of interactive books on citizenship and general reference. Content covers thousands of full-text entries from encyclopedias, books and periodicals; websites; maps; and videos. Additional educator resources support skills in information literacy, research, debate, writing, problem-solving, analysis, and curriculum standards. Dates of Coverage: 1980s\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   30                  SIRS Renaissance    SIRS Knowledge Source is a suite of databases targeted to K-12 students and instructors. All content is carefully selected to support student research, study and homework. Four databases cover 300+ leading contemporary issues, information by and about the U.S. government, perspectives on arts and humanities, and 20,000+ websites selected for reliability and credibility. Additional features include collections of interactive books on citizenship and general reference. Content covers thousands of full-text entries from encyclopedias, books and periodicals; websites; maps; and videos. Additional educator resources support skills in information literacy, research, debate, writing, problem-solving, analysis, and curriculum standards. Dates of Coverage: 1980s\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   31                  Small Business Reference Center    This database is a full text resource for entrepreneurial research, providing information on small business subject areas, common business types, a help and advice section, information on how to create business plans that lead to successful funding, a collection of state-specific resources supported with demographic data and other local information,  and business videos that provide critical information for business owners (such as interviews, \u2018lessons learned\u2019 features, lectures and \u2018how to\u2019 sessions for managing a business). Content includes nearly 400 periodicals, 450+ reference books, 200+ videos, and a variety of basic reviews, kits, and plans.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   32                  Small Engine Repair Reference Center    This database offers full-text, detailed repair guides for all types of small engines, covering routine maintenance (tune-ups, brake service) as well as extensive repairs (engine and transmission disassembly). Search by product type, brand, model/engine type, specific area of model/engine type, and model numbers. Content includes 470+ reference books with original photos and illustrations, 25+ years of many engine models, and 90,000+ specific repairs. Engines covered include: Air-Cooled Engines, ATVs, Chain Saws, Commercial Mowers, Diesel Engines, Farm Tractors, Generators, Motorcycles, Marine (boats), Outdoor Power Equipment, Personal Watercraft/Jet Ski, Riding Lawn Mowers, Rotary Tillers, Snowmobiles, Snowthrowers, String Trimmers & Blowers, Walk-Behind Mowers, Yard & Garden Tractors.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   33                  Smithsonian Global Sound for Libraries    Smithsonian Global Sound for Libraries is an online streaming music database of the world's musical and aural traditions. The database includes 2,900+ albums, comprising over 42,000 tracks. The database includes the published recordings owned by the Smithsonian Folkways Recordings label and the archival audio collections of numerous influential labels and recording pioneers. Users may search with standard and advanced features or browse the collections by album, genre, instruments, labels, languages, people, ensembles, places or cultural groups.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   34                  Social Explorer    Social Explorer is an online research tool designed to provide quick and easy access to current and historical census data and demographic information. The easy-to-use Web interface lets users create maps and reports to better illustrate, analyze, and understand demography and social change. In addition to being a comprehensive data resource, Social Explorer also offers features and tools to meet the needs of both demography experts and novices. To learn more about Social Explorer, visit http://www.socialexplorer.com/pub/aboutus/home.aspx.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   35                  Social science citation index    Social Sciences Citation Index  Resource Type: Index Database Title/Alternate Title: Social Sciences Citation Index Subjects Covered: Social sciences Contents: Indexes 1400 major social science journals covering a range of over 50 social science disciplines. Allows the user to search cited references in order to find articles that have cited a particular author, publication, or patent.  Dates of Coverage: 1981- Current Contacts: Go to Ask-Us for help  Other Notes: CD-based using Citrix. Consult ISI Web of Science for 1995 to the present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   36                  Social Science Database    Social Science Database provides indexing, abstracts, and full-text for social science journals. Subject coverage includes anthropology, communication science, demography, economics, education, political science, psychology, policy studies, social work, and sociology. Journals from over 50 countries are featured, providing for multidisciplinary research from a variety of perspectives. Resources can include scholarly journals, trade journals. magazines, conference papers and proceedings, government and official publications, newspapers, and other sources.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   37                  Social Science Premium    The Social Science Premium Collection provides a range of full-text and index resources across social science disciplines. Abstracts, indexing, and full-text coverage of journal articles, books, dissertations, government publications, and more are included. Coverage includes applied social sciences, criminal justice, education, linguistics, language behavior, political science, sociology, and more. Research from across regions, countries, markets, and disciplines with titles from around the world are brought together in this database.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   38                  Social Science Research Network: SSRN    Social Science Research Network (SSRN) is composed of a number of specialized research networks in the social sciences. Topics covered by networks include accounting, economics, financial economics, legal scholarship, and management (including negotiation and marketing). The SSRN eLibrary consists of abstracts of scholarly working papers and forthcoming papers and an electronic paper collection of downloadable full text documents in pdf format.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   39                  Social Sciences Citation Index    The Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) is an interdisciplinary citation index, with coverage from over 2,400 leading journals in the social sciences, across over 50 disciplines.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   40                  Social Security Publications    Social Security Publications from the U.S. Social Security Administration are guidance documents pertaining to benefit programs of the SSA. Topics covered include: disability, Medicare, Medicare prescription drug costs, social security, retirement, social security numbers, supplemental security income (SSI), survivor benefits, appeals, work and earnings, actuarial publications, policy documents, the social security handbook, and issues related to special circumstances (representative payees, international payments, veterans' benefits, et al.). Only the most recent version of each publication is available; over 150 titles exist. Dates of Coverage: Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   41                  Social services abstracts    Social Services Abstracts provides bibliographic coverage of current research focused on social work, human services, and related areas, including social welfare, social policy, and community development. The database abstracts and indexes 4,800+ serial publications, including journal articles, dissertations, and citations to book reviews. Subject coverage includes: community and mental health services; crisis intervention; the family and social welfare; gerontology; poverty and homelessness; professional issues in social work; social services in addiction; social work education and practice; and violence, abuse, and neglect. Full text for certain publications is subject to market availability. Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication; some citations date back to 1890s.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   42                  SocINDEX with full text    SocINDEX with Full Text via EBSCO is a sociology research database featuring more than 2.1 million records. The database contains full text for 860+ journals, 830+ books, and 16,800+ conference papers; abstracts for 1,300+ core journals, 450+ priority journals, and 2,900+ selective coverage journals; extensive indexing for books, conference papers and non-periodical content; and 25,000+ author profiles. Topics covered include: abortion, criminal justice, demography, ethnic and gender studies, marriage and family, political sociology, religion, social development and psychology, social work, socio-cultural anthropology, sociological history and research, sociological theory, substance abuse and addictions, violence, and many others. Dates of Coverage: Varies by resource; some citations date back to 1895.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   43                  Sociological Abstracts    Sociological Abstracts indexes the international literature of sociology and related disciplines in the social and behavioral sciences. The database provides abstracts of journal articles, citations to book reviews drawn from thousands of serials publications, and abstracts of books, book chapters, dissertations, and conference papers. Topics covered include: culture and social structure; family and marriage; history and theory of sociology; organizational sociology; political sociology; poverty and homelessness; race and ethnicity; social change and economic development; social control; sociology of health and medicine; and sociology of education. Full text for certain publications is subject to market availability. Dates of Coverage: 1950s\u2013 Current. http://www.csa.com/factsheets/supplements/saguideOct2008.pdf  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   44                  Sociology Database    Sociology Database offers international literature in sociology and social work, including culture and social structure, history and theory of sociology, social psychology, substance abuse and addiction. Coverage of community and mental health services, gerontology, crisis intervention, social work education, poverty and homelessness, violence, abuse, and neglect, and more are included. Content includes scholarly journals, trade journals, dissertations and theses, conference papers and proceedings, and more.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   45                  Sourcebook of Criminal Justice Statistics    Sourcebook of Criminal Justice Statistics collocates data from over 100 published and unpublished sources about many aspects of criminal justice in the United States. Sources include reports from state and federal agencies, research centers, universities, private companies, and other organizations. The publication covers six broad areas: characteristics of U.S. criminal justice systems; public attitudes toward crime; the nature and distribution of offenses; characteristics and distribution of persons arrested; judicial processing of defendants; and persons under correctional supervision. Dates of Coverage: Varies by statistical measurement; some information dates back to 1940s; archival versions of previous editions are available for 1994\u20132002.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   46                  Spanish Language News and Magazines      Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   47                  SPIE Digital Library    SPIE Digital Library is the most extensive resource available on optics and photonics, providing full-text access to more than 370,000 technical papers from SPIE (the Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers) journals, conference proceedings and electronic books. More than 18,000 new technical papers are added annually. Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication; some citations date back to 1962.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   48                  SPINPlus.    SPINPlus is a suite of online tools for finding research funding opportunities, identifying investigators and setting up matching alerts. SPIN (Sponsored Programs Information Network) tracks more than 2,500 different sponsoring agencies endowing over 11,000 separate federal, non-federal, and international funding opportunities, including fellowships, research grants, publication support, sabbatical support, RFAs, curriculum development, conference support, RFPs, and more. GENIUS (Global Expertise Network for Industry, University, and Scholars) provides a searchable resource for locating academic investigators and research partners for potential collaborations. SMARTS (SPIN Matching And Research Transmittal Service) is an electronic matching and funding opportunity notification system. Dates of Coverage: Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   49                  SPORT discus    SPORTDiscus via Ebscohost offers comprehensive bibliographic coverage of sport, , physical fitness, exercise, sports medicine, physical education, kinesiology, health education, biomechanics, movement science, injury prevention rehabilitation, physical therapy, rehabilitation, nutrition, exercise physiology, sport and exercise psychology, occupational health and therapy, public health and more. This database contains over 1.7 million records with journal and monograph coverage going back to 1800, over 22,000 dissertations and theses, and articles in 60 different languages. The content also contains international references from journal and magazine articles, books, book chapters, conference proceedings and more. Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication; some citations date back to 1800.  Notes:  No more than 8 users can access SPORTDiscus at any one time. If you find that it is unavailable please try again later.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   50                  SpringerLINK    SpringerLink is a vast database of scholarly journals and books covering broad disciplines that include biomedical sciences, business and management, chemistry, computer science, earth sciences, economics, education and language, energy, engineering, environmental sciences, food and nutrition, law, life sciences, materials, mathematics, medicine, physics, psychology, public health, social sciences, and statistics. Full-text access to over 3.5 million resources including articles, books, book chapters, journals and reference work entries is provided; however, some content is not available through the UNT subscription. Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                Result Page   1 2 Next          Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database S in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.