(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20T'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database T in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-20 of 20)     Database T            1                  20th century American poetry    Twentieth Century American Poetry contains 50,000 poems by over 300 poets. Major movements of the century are included, as well as selected African American writers. The database aims to include a broad representative collection that reflects the diversity of modern American literary traditions, including major figures alongside historically important writers and younger emergent poets. The database aims to include as full a collection of the published works of each poet as possible, using the poet's collected editions when available. Dates of Coverage: 1900\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  20th century English poetry    Twentieth Century English Poetry contains the poetry of over 280 poets from 1900 to the present day. The database aims to include as full a collection of the published works of each poet as possible, using the poet's collected editions when available. The collection includes authors who originate from, or have been based in the British Isles, and selected major Commonwealth authors who are based outside the British Isles. Translations of non-English-language poetry are included for major figures within the scope of the collection and where the published works of an author include translations. Dates of Coverage: 1900\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Tax Forms and Publications    Tax Forms and Publications from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service are available for current and prior tax years. Hundreds of products are provided for download, including forms, instructions, publications and other tax-related products. Search by product name, title or revision date.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  Taylor & Francis online journals    Taylor & Francis Journals is a package offering full-text access to over 200 journals and index access to over 1,600 titles spanning all areas of humanities, social sciences, science, engineering and technology. Dates of Coverage: Varies by journal.  Notes:   UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  TeachingBooks.net    TeachingBooks.net is a website that adds a multimedia dimension to the reading experiences of children's and young adult books. It includes resources about fiction and nonfiction books used in the K\u201312 environment, with resources selected to encourage the integration of multimedia author and book materials into reading and library activities.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  techXtra    TechXtra cross-searches 33 different collections relevant to engineering, mathematics and computing, including content from over 50 publishers and providers. Searches retrieve articles, key websites, books, the latest industry news, job announcements, ejournals, eprints, technical reports, the latest research, theses and dissertations. Additional resources include guides, design data, newsletters and magazines, e-journals, industry news, online training, patents, and many other Internet-based services and information sources. Full text of many resources is available. TechXtra provides focused results and hits from the "deep web" that other search engines do not index. Dates of Coverage: Varies by collection.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Texas Digital Newspaper Program    The Texas Digital Newspaper Program coordinates with multiple partners, including public libraries, publishers, historical and genealogical societies, and universities, to represent and preserve Texas history through digitized newspapers. This collection begins with pages from 1829 and continues through the present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Texas newspaper collection    Texas Newspaper Collection via Newsbank provides full text access to over 30 Texas-based newspapers. Cities covered include: Abilene, Amarillo, Angleton, Arlington, Austin, Baytown, Beaumont, Brazosport, Corpus Christi, Dallas, Denton, El Paso, Fort Worth, Galveston, Graham, Houston, Kerrville, Longview, Lubbock, Lufkin, Marshall, Midland, Nacogdoches, Plainview, San Angelo, San Antonio, Seguin, Texas City, Victoria, and Waco. Dates of Coverage: Varies by publication  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Texas reference center    Texas Reference Center is a Texas-specific EBSCO database product comprised of more than 75 full text periodicals, 150 full text reference books, reports, several Texas newspapers, and other content relevant to the state. Examples of titles offered include: Best in Texas, Texas Business Review, Texas Education Review, Texas Journal of Agriculture & Natural Resources, Texas Law Review, Texas Magazine, Texas Monthly, Houston Chronicle, and many more. Dates of Coverage: Varies.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Theatre in video    Theatre In Video contains more than 500 hours of online streaming video covering performances of the world's leading plays as well as documentaries on productions, experimental performances and interviews by hundreds of leading playwrights, actors and directors. Dates of Coverage: 1930s\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Thomson Gale databases    This resource allows users to search through Thomson Gale databases, which contains various collections such as biographies, encyclopedias and reference materials, articles that discuss current social issues, medical and professional periodicals, full-text literary content, and 18th century books, among others.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  Thomson ONE banker    Thomson One Banker (Thomson Analytics) delivers information and analysis tools on investment, providing access to relevant real-time global market data, quotes, earnings estimates, financial fundamentals, market moving news, corporate filings, ownership profiles and authoritative content from industry-leading sources. Searches multiple databases and displays detailed reports and charts from over 200 pre-formatted presentation-ready options; search results are exportable into spreadsheet format. Covers over 65,000 global companies. Dates of Coverage: Current.  Notes:  This resource is optimized for Internet Explorer, and may not work correctly in other browsers.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  TOPIC search    TOPICsearch contains full text for over 150,961 articles from 475 diverse sources including international and regional newspapers, EBSCO's unparalleled collection of periodicals, biographies, public opinion polls, book reviews, pamphlets, and government information. Focusing on current events, the database allows exploration of social, political and economic issues, scientific discoveries and other popular topics, including controversial opinions and viewpoints. Dates of Coverage: 2007\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  Tox Town    Tox Town (U.S. National Library of Medicine) is an interactive guide to commonly encountered toxic substances, health, and the environment. Tox Town helps users explore a location or community to identify common environmental hazards, find non-technical descriptions of chemicals, link to authoritative chemical information, and connect to other resources on related topics. The chemical and environmental information comes from TOXNET, MedlinePlus and other authoritative sources. Content is also available in Spanish. Dates of Coverage: Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  Toxics Release Inventory    Toxics Release Inventory from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency tracks the management of over 650 toxic chemicals posing a threat to human health and the environment. U.S. facilities in certain industry sectors that manufacture, process, or otherwise use these chemicals in amounts above established levels must report how each chemical is managed. Note that TRI does not provide any safety or health information about these chemicals and compounds. There many tools on the site for accessing and analyzing TRI data as well as EPA documents and reports. Dates of Coverage: 1987\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  TOXNET    TOXNET (U.S. National Library of Medicine) aggregates the content of multiple databases covering toxicology, hazardous chemicals, environmental health, and toxic releases. Included databases track chemical synonyms, hazardous substances, drugs, carcinogenicity, mutagenicity, risk assessment from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and other organizations, occupational health, consumer products, maps, and comparative toxicogenomics. Dates of Coverage: 1940s\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  Trans-Atlantic slave trade database    Voyages: The Trans-Atlantic Slave Trade Database provides the most comprehensive source of data currently available on the trans-Atlantic slave trade. The database contains records of nearly 35,000 separate slaving voyages, gleaned from original documents and historical publications located in archives, libraries, and other institutions throughout the world. Dates of Coverage: 1514\u20131866.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  TREC.    Text REtrieval Conference (TREC) is an initiative of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST, and agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce) and the U.S. Department of Defense. TREC supports research within the information retrieval community by providing the infrastructure necessary for large-scale evaluation of text retrieval methodologies. Dates of Coverage: 1992\u2013 Most recent.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  TRIS online    TRIS Online is a public-domain, web-based version of the Transportation Research Information Services (TRIS) bibliographic database.  TRIS Online is published as a collaborative effort by the Transportation Research Board, the National Transportation Library, and Research and Innovative Technology Administration. The TRIS Online database contains over half a million records of published transportation research including technical reports, books, conference proceedings and journal articles.  Currently there are almost 24,000 TRIS records with links to electronic copies of the full-text. The time span covers literature from the 1960s to the present, with some coverage of prior years. Highway Research Board publications are covered back to 1923.  TRIS coverage includes the disciplines of planning, finance, design and construction, materials, environmental issues, safety and human factors and operations for the modes of highways, transit, railroads, maritime and aviation. TRIS Online includes material indexed and abstracted by TRB as well as the material entered by the Transportation Libraries at the University of California at Berkeley and Northwestern University. Includes a new search interface with the ability to search TRIS Online, Transportation Research Thesaurus, and the NTL Digital Collection simultaneously.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   20                  Twayne's authors series    Twaynes Authors Series is a literary criticism database covering nearly 600 world and English-language authors. It provides critical introductions to the lives and works of writers, to the history and influence of literary movements, or the development of literary genres. Primarily devoted to critical interpretation and discussion of authors's works, these studies take account of major literary trends and important contributions to scholarship and criticism, and provide new critical insights and original points of view. All author entries feature a chronology, a biography, a comprehensive critical analysis, and an annotated bibliography. Dates of Coverage: 10th century BCE\u2013 20th century CE.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database T in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.