(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20U'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database U in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-7 of 7)     Database U            1                  U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service National digital library.    National Image Library (U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service) is a collection of public domain still photos, videos, maps, and historical artifacts, audio clips, and publications  divided into 10 image libraries with the following subjects: Alaska, California Nevada, Historic, Midwest, NCTC (National Conservation Training Center), Northeast, Pacific, Southeast, Southwest, and Washington, D.C. The image libraries can be browsed or searched as a group or individually.  Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  Ulrich's periodicals directory    Ulrichsweb is a source of detailed information on more than 300,000 periodicals and serials of all types: academic and scholarly journals, e-journals, peer-reviewed titles, popular magazines, newspapers, newsletters, and more. The database covers more than 900 subject areas. Records provide data points such as ISSN, publisher, language, subject, abstracting & indexing coverage, full-text database coverage, tables of contents, and reviews written by librarians. Dates of Coverage: Current; updated weekly.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  Underground and independent comics, comix, and graphic novels    This resource is a scholarly, primary source database focusing on adult comic books and graphic novels. The collection contains over information on over 300 comic series and over 1,600 comic books, along with 25,000 pages of interviews, criticism, and journal articles that document the continual growth and evolution of this artform. Over 100,000 pages of comics and graphic novels are available.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  United States Office of Government Ethics    Forms, Publications and Other Ethics Documents  Includes public and confidential financial disclosure forms, model trust documents, a review of agency programs, and more. The U.S. Office of Government Ethics provides access to many full-text publications in their Ethics Resource Library. Included are Reference Publications, Booklets, Pamphlets, OGE Ethics Newsgram, Reports and Plans, Surveys and Questionnaires, and Proposed Legislation. Dates of Coverage: 1978 - present  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  UNT Digital Library    UNT Digital Library is home to materials from the University's research, creative, and scholarly activities, and also showcases content from the UNT Libraries' collections. Materials include theses, dissertations, artwork, performances, musical scores, journals, government documents, rare books, and historical posters; some materials are available only to members of the UNT community. UNT DL contains a wide variety of collections, most of which have a historical aspect, including images, chemical information, LGBT resources, environmental policy, films, maps, literature, music, biology, library science, digitized newspapers, newsletters, photographs, fashion, and scholarly works. Dates of Coverage: Varies by collection.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  UNT Theses and Dissertations    As one of the first American universities to begin requiring electronic theses or dissertations (ETDs) for graduation, the University of North Texas Theses and Dissertations database represent a wealth of scholarly and artistic content created by masters and doctoral students in the degree-seeking process.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  uO research    uO Research is University of Ottawa's digital repository for research and teaching materials created by the university community and its affliated partners. It provides open and permanent access to uOttawa scholarship. Content may include theses, articles, working papers, technical reports, conference papers, data sets in various digital formats, etc.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database U in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.