(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/f?Database%20W'
p1
V     University of North Texas Libraries                                 /All Collec                  Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.        Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database W in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)   Search history function requires JavaScript.           Search Type1  KEYWORD  AUTHOR  TITLE  JOURNAL TITLE  SUBJECT  LC CALL NUMBER  DEWEY CALL NUMBER  OTHER CALL NUMBER  STANDARD NUMBER  OCLC NUMBER  SUDOC NUMBER  RESOURCE SUBJECT                Search               Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library                    Limit search to available items                        Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       RESOURCE SUBJECTS     (1-19 of 19)     Database W            1                  Struggle for Women's Rights, Organizational Records, 1880-1990    The Sttruggle for Women's Rights, organizational records, collection is comprised of records of three important women's rights organizations: the National Woman's Party, the League of Women Voters, and the Women's Action Alliance.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   2                  W.B. Yeats collection    W. B. Yeats Collection Online contains the full text of the major works of W.B. Yeats in all genres, including poetry, plays, criticism and fiction. With one exception, a single edition of each work, usually the last known to have been approved by Yeats, has been included. Dates of Coverage: 1885\u20131995.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   3                  WATERnetBASE    WATERnetBASE is a searchable online e-book collection of expert resources on drinking water, groundwater, harbor, lake, and wastewater management, hydrogeology, hydrology, storm water, surface water, water pollution, water science and engineering, and wetlands. The resources cover the characteristics and behavior of water from engineering, agricultural, biological, and environmental perspectives.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   4                  WDI online    The primary World Bank collection of development indicators, compiled from officially-recognized international sources. It presents the most current and accurate global development data available, and includes national, regional and global estimates.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   5                  Web of science.    Web of Science provides users access to integrated, multidisciplinary research with sizable search and navigation options. Web of Science can connect users with over 12,000 journals worldwide, including open-access journals.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   6                  Web of Science    Web of Knowledge provides access to the world's leading scholarly literature in the sciences, social sciences, arts and humanities by aggregating the contents of multiple databases (including Web of Science, BIOSIS Previews, Zoological Record and Journal Citation Reports). WOK covers over 23,000 high-impact scholarly journals, 23 million patents, 9,000 web sites and 148,000 conference proceedings; it provides exhaustive citation indexes for tracking topics or authors through time as well as links to additional external resources. Access to full-text of some resources is provided. Dates of Coverage: Varies by resource; 1990s\u2013 Current, with backfiles to 1900.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   7                  Welcome to AfricaBib.org    Africabib.Org  composed of three main databases. The Africana Periodical Literature Bibliographic Database indexes over 60,000 articles from over 500 journals with some full text. The African Women Bibliographic Database indexes books and government documents; articles in edited books; journal articles; Masters theses, Ph.D. dissertations and a few B.A. theses and honors papers; conference papers; and videocassettes; and contains over 35,000 citations from 1985 to present. The Women Travelers, Explorers and Missionaries to Africa indexes almost 2000 citations from 1763 onward. Also links to African Journals Online (AJOL), African Studies Abstracts Online (ASA), the catalog of the African Studies Centre of Leiden, and the Digital Innovation South Africa (DISA) project. Dates of Coverage: Includes citations from 1763 - current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   8                  Wiley Online Library    Wiley Online Library is a multidisciplinary collection of online resources covering life, health and physical sciences, mathematics, computer science, behavioral and social science, and the humanities. It provides indexing to over 5 million articles from over 1,500 peer-reviewed journals and over 11,500 online books, reference works, databases, laboratory protocols and interdisciplinary reviews. Full-text access is limited to approximately 350 titles in biology, chemistry, mathematics, behavioral sciences and computer science, indicated by an open lock icon displayed in the search results.  Notes:  UNT may not subscribe to all titles on this platform: full access is not guaranteed. If you wish to obtain a copy of something the library does not have access to, please contact Interlibrary Loan, either through e-mail at ill@unt.edu or phone at (940) 565-2495.   Support Contact:              About this Database                   9                  Women's Issues and Their Advocacy Within the White House, 1974-1977    The Women's Issues and Their Advocacy Within the White House collection provides documents concerning Patricia Lindh's and Jeanne Holm's liaison with women's groups and their advocacy within the White House on issues of special interest to women. Materials included were accumulated by presidential Counselor Anne Armstrong and Office of Women's Programs Director Karen Keesling. Topics include liaison activities with women's organizations, agency women's groups and program units, advisory committees on women and women appointees, public policy, and legislation and regulation of women's civil rights in the government and the economy. Documents are from 1974-1977.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   10                  Women's Studies Manuscript Collections from the Schlesinger Library: Voting Rights, National Politics, and Reproductive Rights    Women\u2019s Studies Manuscript Collections from the Schlesinger Library at Radcliffe College consist of three series: voting rights, national politics and reproductive rights.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   11                  Women's Wear Daily    Women\u2019s Wear Daily (WWD) provides the week\u2019s top stories, fashion trend forecasts, and coverage of major industry issues. Also covered are business issues, retailing developments, international ready-to-wear, couture presentations & market overviews. Ideal for retailers & manufacturers of women's apparel, accessories, fibers & textiles. Our subscription provides access to issues from 1 year ago to present.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   12                  World Factbook    World Factbook is a publication of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency that provides information on the history, people, government, economy, geography, communications, transportation, military, and transnational issues for 267 world entities. Dates of Coverage: Varies by country.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   13                  World-newspapers.com    World-Newspapers.com provides links to thousands of news sources covering every country in the world. All listed sites are in English and provide free online content. The site allows selection by region and/or country and searching by topic. Links connect directly to the content provider's site. Dates of Coverage: Current issues are available; availability of older content varies by publication.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   14                  World Scientific Journals    World Scientific Journals is an index of over 150 international peer-reviewed journals covering Asian studies, business & management, chemistry, computer science, economics & finance, engineering / acoustics, environmental science, life sciences, materials science, mathematics, medicine, nanotechnology & nanoscience, nonlinear science, chaos & dynamical systems, physics and social sciences. Some articles are available in full text. Note:  We only subscribe to a select number of World Scientific journals.  Dates of Coverage: Varies by journal.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   15                  World Shakespeare bibliography online    World Shakespeare Bibliography Online is a searchable database of the most comprehensive Shakespeare-related scholarship and theatrical productions published or produced worldwide. WSBO provides over 130,000 annotated entries for all important books, articles, book reviews, dissertations, theatrical productions, reviews of productions, audiovisual materials, electronic media, and other scholarly and popular materials in Shakespeare and early modern England studies. The scope is international, with coverage extending to more than 120 languages and representing every country in North America, South America, Europe and nearly every country in Asia, Africa, and Australasia. Dates of Coverage: 1960\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   16                  WorldCat    WorldCat via FirstSearch is a catalog of books and other materials in libraries worldwide. The database contains over 179 million records covering over 400 languages. WorldCat does not include individual articles, stories in journals, magazines, newspapers, or book chapters. Dates of Coverage: Before 1000 BC\u2013 Current.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   17                  WorldCatDissertations    Dissertation via FirstSearch Provides bibliographic records with holdings information for all theses and dissertations cataloged through the OCLC system. Dates of Coverage: Current  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   18                  WorldWideScience.org    WorldWideScience is a global science gateway that enables federated searching of national and international scientific databases and portals. Approximately 80 databases and portals from over 70 countries are searchable. Users get the most current findings in fields such as energy, medicine, agriculture, environment, and basic sciences, including access to scientific and numeric data sources. Developed and maintained by the Office of Scientific and Technical Information (OSTI), an element of the Office of Science within the U.S. Department of Energy. Much of the information accessed via this gateway is freely available and open domain.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database                   19                  WRDS the path to business intelligence    WRDS - Wharton Research Data Services is available only in the College of Business Computer Lab and only to College of Business students and faculty. WRDS contains the following databases: Standard and Poor's Compustat, Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP), CRSP/Compustat Merged Database, EXECUCOMP,  Audit Analytics, EVENTUS, FDIC Call Report Data. Dates of Coverage: Varies. For login information, visit http://www.cob.unt.edu/ciltc/wrds.php.  Notes:     Support Contact:              About this Database              Save Marked Items   Add All On Page       Locate in results                   Start Over  Limit/Sort Search  Another Search (Search History) RESOURCE SUBJECT: Database W in All Collections (Clear Search History) (End Search Session)               Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                  
p2
t.