(S'http://international.unt.edu/ISSS/financial-documentation'
p1
V          Financial Requirements for International Students | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   ISSS Menu » Home »  Home Executive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms   New Students »  New Students International Student Orientation International Admissions Financial Requirements   Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff  Frequently Asked Questions About Us »  About Us Staff Biographies International Student Stats   Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             ISSS Menu  HomeExecutive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms  New StudentsFinancial Requirements International Admissions International Student Orientation  Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff  Frequently Asked Questions About UsInternational Student Stats Staff Biographies  Contact Us UNT International                Financial Requirements for International Students      The United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) requires non-immigrant international students (i.e. those on F or J visas) to verify that they will have funds available to pay for their educational, living and other expenses. INTERNATIONAL STUDENT STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Students planning to attend UNT on an F or J visa must complete the International Student Statement of Financial Responsibility and submit it to the UNT Admissions office.  Once you have been admitted and decide to attend UNT, this form is required so that your I-20 or DS-2019 can be issued. Continuing students, who apply for a new I-20 in the International Student and Scholar Services office, must have documentation on file with us that meets the requirements, or they must submit new documentation. COST OF ATTENDANCEFor I-20 issuance purposes, the estimated minimum student expenses for 2016-2017 are listed below.  These costs are for a 9-month academic year (fall and spring) at non-resident tuition rates.  The amounts listed are estimates only, which do not include lab and other fees associated with particular courses.  For more information about costs, visit Student Accounting and University Cashiering Services.  TUITION AND FEES MAY BE CHANGED WITHOUT NOTICE BY UNT.  UNT Undergraduate UNT Graduate Tuition/Fees $20,458 Tuition/fees $14,961 Living expenses $12,070 Living expenses $12,070 Other (books, insurance) $2,896 Other (books, insurance) $2,896 TOTAL $35,424 TOTAL $29,927 BEGINNING CLASSES IN SUMMER?Add these extra amounts. $12,563 $10,515 BRINGING A DEPENDENT (SPOUSE OR CHILD)? Add these amounts for EACH dependent you bring. 9-month academic year: $3,900/each    12-month academic year: $5,200/each    International Student Fee Students who are attending UNT on a non-immigrant visa or who have an application for permanent residency pending with the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services are charged an International Student Fee each semester they are enrolled as part of their tuition and other fees. International Student Health Insurance  UNT requires all students who are attending UNT on a non-immigrant visa to have health insurance coverage.  If your sponsor provides health insurance, please read the information regarding waivers to find out if your insurance will qualify.  For more detailed information and resources, please read Health Insurance for International Students. FINANCIAL SUPPORT REQUIREMENTS If your bank will not fill out the \u201cBank\u2019s Official Certification\u201d area of the International Student Statement of Financial Responsibility, please see the information below regarding acceptable financial support sources and documentation.  Proof of funding may come from a variety of sources. Together, they must cover all of your Required Fund amounts, and be submitted before your immigration document can be issued. PLEASE NOTE: The International Student and Scholar Services office reserves the right to reject any financial documentation submitted for the purposes of issuing an I-20. Format for Financial Support Documents:   \u25baDocuments must be in English, or we must have the original language version plus a certified English translation      stamped by the financial institution.  \u25baDocuments must bear a signature, official seal, or be on letterhead from an official agency.  \u25baDocuments must state available account type and account balance- they MUST be currently accessible liquid funds.  \u25baDocuments may be sent by fax, postal mail, or scanned and attached to an e-mail to the UNT Admissions office      at international@unt.edu.  \u25baDocuments must be DATED and be less than twelve (12) months old when the I-20 is issued.  \u25baStatement must include the account holder\u2019s name, date, account type, account balance and currency type.  \u25baIf the statement is a web printout, it must include the web link/URL. Funding Sources & Types of Financial Documents Bank Statement Submit properly formatted (see above) bank statement(s) from:  \u25bachecking or savings accounts;  \u25baterm/fixed/time deposits (statement must specify a maturity date which has already passed);  \u25bacertificate of deposit (CD), mutual, stock, or bond funds (stating the total amount currently available for withdrawal after penalty).NOTE: Credit cards, life insurance, retirement and/or pension funds are not acceptable. UNT Financial Award Submit the official award letter (may be a copy) on departmental letterhead from the awarding department, detailing the following:  \u25bastudent\u2019s name,  \u25badate of issue,  \u25bawhat costs will be covered and/or the amount of funding awarded,  \u25bawhat term(s) the award(s) will cover (fall, spring, and/or summer), and  \u25baif the student is awarded in-state or out-of-state tuition.    Depending on your award, you may be eligible for a smaller required fund amount. See this page for more details. Funding by a Government, University, or Other Official Agency Submit the official Letter of Sponsorship (for example, Financial Guarantee) made out to the University of North Texas detailing:  \u25badate of issue,  \u25badate(s)/terms funding is provided,  \u25baif dependent(s) will be covered,  \u25bawhat major the student is permitted to study towards, and  \u25bawhat costs will be covered and/or the amount of funding awarded. For funding from a company, please see our FAQs. Income of Student or Sponsor Submit official letter from sponsor's employer on company letterhead or most current tax statement showing annual earnings of at least three (3) times the required funds amount listed above.   If a U.S. resident is providing room and meals to you during your studies: The U.S. provider will need to fill out this form and provide the supplemental documentation as listed on the form to the UNT Admissions office.  If submitting a lease, the lease must be valid for at least one semester after the program start date.  An expiring lease will not be accepted. This documentation will cover the costs of the \u201cLiving expenses\u201d in the estimated costs of attendance, so this cost may be subtracted from the total amount which must be shown. QUESTIONS? Please see our Financial Requirements Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) page for further details. OTHER RESOURCESHow do I apply for scholarships & financial aid?UNT-International Financial Aid OpportunitiesHow to Apply to UNT                           Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.