(S'http://financialaid.unt.edu/priority-dates-and-deadlines'
p1
V    Priority Dates and Deadlines | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                         Search the UNT web site:       Skip to content    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                               Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                                   Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial AidStep-by-step Application Process How to Check Your Financial Aid Status Dates and Deadlines Forms Special Circumstances Verification Dependency Override Refunds Maintaining Eligibility Financial Aid Guidelines  Helpful Resources          Home » Apply for Financial Aid » Dates and DeadlinesPriority Dates and Deadlines  Important Dates to Know Before You Begin Apply early for financial aidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work)..  Awards are given to students who have the greatest need and have submitted all required documentation to our office.   Below are the priority dates for submitting a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)The FAFSA is used to apply for Pell Grants and all other aid. Complete your FAFSA via web at www.fafsa.gov . As the name suggests, no fee is charged to file a FAFSA. Follow the directions carefully to ensure proper and efficient processing..   Fall/SpringSpring OnlySummer   March 15  August 15 February 15*    * Summer applicants: In addition to the FAFSA, you will be required to complete the Summer Application for Financial Aid, which will be available in early spring at my.unt.edu. Financial aid is limited and the demand is usually greater than available funds. Applying for financial aid is usually a two to three month process. Your FAFSA must reach our office before your file can be processed. You are responsible for submitting all requested financial aid documentation to our office in a timely manner so that your financial aid file is complete before the priority dates. When Will Aid Be Awarded? For early applicants who are newly admitted to UNT, awards are made in late December/early January for the upcoming year. For early applicants who have attended UNT in the prior year, awards are made after Spring grades post, which is in mid-to-late May.            Contact Us:        Student Financial Aid and Scholarships       1155 Union Circle #311370  Denton,        TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738  Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203  Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM,  Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?       Please contact us.                   financialaid@unt.edu             UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on          April 4, 2017        Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness        Select LanguageEnglishSpanish          
p2
t.