(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/career-center/about/overview-of-services'
p1
V           Overview of Services | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                Overview of Services           Vision Statement  Empowering students and alumni to identify and achieve individual goals for career success. Mission Statement  Design and deliver high quality career services to UNT students and alumni through collaboration with campus, local and global partnerships. Job Search Resources The Career Center is here to help you find your academic/career path and equip you to successfully execute the transition from student to professional. Student Employment  On-campus jobs are available for all students; students who qualify for work study and those who do  not. A host of workshops such as customer service training (CASA) and the Eagle Edge program are  available to help students successfully navigate their employment experience. All available  on-campus student positions can be found through the Eagle Careers website. In addition, at the  beginning of each semester, the Career Center hosts a part-time job fair featuring on- and off-campus job opportunities. On-Campus Interviews  The Career Center has a dedicated interview suite consisting of 17 courtesy offices which employers  utilize to host interviews for internships and full-time positions. Browse upcoming interview dates and apply for an interview on Eagle Careers. Career Fairs  Each semester career fairs are hosted. With so many employers concentrated in one convenient  location, these fairs offer an efficient way to advance your job search. We recommend attending   the Career Center seminars beforehand on career development strategies and job search techniques.  Professional dress and resumes are required. Register for career fairs on the Eagle Careers  website. Networking Events  The  Career  Center  hosts  networking  events  allowing  students  direct  access  to employers.   Students  have  an  opportunity  to  share  their   accomplishments and   aspirations   with     employers   and   to   solicit   assistance   with   seeking employment. Browse and register for  networking events on Eagle Careers. Eagle Careers  Eagle Careers is the private job bank of UNT, regularly updated with job listings for students and  alumni posting both on- and off-campus  opportunities.  Log  in  to register for Career Center  events and professional development sessions. Professional Development Individual Advising  Your Career Development Specialist is assigned by academic college allowing familiarity with the  changes in your field of interest. They can assist in helping you explore majors, build your  resume, network, prepare for interviews, internships, and much more. Call the Career Center to  schedule an appointment.  Peer Advising  Are you a freshman or sophomore? Don\u2019t miss the opportunity to meet our Career Peer Advisors. They  will assist you with finding a job on-campus, resume writing, and basic job search techniques.  Peer-to-peer career advising can get you closer to achieving your career goals.  Etiquette Workshop/Dinner  Connect with professionals over a 3-course meal while learning professional dining etiquette.  Discuss academic and work experiences and network with professionals in your industry. Contact the  Career Center for more information.  Mock Interviews  Need interviewing preparation? Mock interviews are an excellent way to practice your interviewing  skills, learn tips and techniques, and receive feedback. Career Development Specialists, alumni and  employers dedicate their time to help with enhancing your skills. Contact the Career Center for  more information.  Internships  Students can gain valuable practical professional experience by participating in an internship  prior to graduation. Internships help students to apply what they learn in the classroom to the  actual work they may do after graduation. Interns have the opportunity to explore prospective  occupations and employers, to help determine their desired occupational path. While not guaranteed,  many students who participate in internships obtain a full-time job offer from their employer. To  learn more, schedule an appointment with your Career Development Specialist.  Take Flight  Take Flight is an experiential \u201cjob shadowing\u201d program that lasts from one to a few days. Students  have the opportunity to visit organizations throughout the DFW area and learn more about specific  industries, organizations and career opportunities. For more information check the events section  on the Eagle Careers website.  Career Education Workshops  Workshops are held throughout the year covering topics such as Choosing a Major, Resume  Preparation, Interview Techniques, Career Planning, Job Search Strategies, and many other  professional development topics. View and register for workshops                                                   Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.