(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/career-center/eagle-careers/students-and-alumni'
p1
V           Eagle Careers - Students and Alumni | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                        Eagle Careers   Current Students & Alumni Find On- & Off-Campus Jobs, Internships, and more... Eagle Careers is a referral services for students. The Career Center provides connections with on- and off-campus employers for jobs and internships and also hosts many events and workshops to help prepare you for your future career. Interested in On-Campus Employment?  You will need to fill out the Student Employment Application and upload it to your Eagle Careers profile.  Student employment Application     Select My Account --> My Documents. Some employers may require additional documents such as a resume or cover letter.     UNT's annual security report is available for your review at http://clery.unt.edu/ or in hard copy by request. This report contains policy information and crime statistics for the school as required by federal law.        Eagle Careers Current Students and Alumni Employers                  Login to Eagle Careers via myUNT        Look for the "Jobs" block and click on "Career Center for students and alumni". Use the ctrl key to disable your popup blocker.   EUID:   myUNT Password:             Forgot your EUID or password?               Login Directly to Eagle Careers  Note: This will not be the same password as myUNT.      User Name:   Password:     Create a Student Account  Forgot Password?      Disclaimer The University of North Texas Career Center/Eagle Careers acts only as a referral service and makes no particular recommendation regarding employers. We make no representations or guarantees about positions posted by the office. The University of North Texas Career Center is not responsible for safety, wages, working conditions or other aspects of off-campus employment. Due to the volume of jobs received by this office, we are unable to research the integrity of each organization or person that list a job with us. Therefore, you are urged to undertake this responsibility yourself. This website also contains links to other web sites not under the control of the University or Career Services, and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site. If you have any questions please contact our office at (940) 565-2105 or by email (careercenter@unt.edu).                                 Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.