(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/career-center/students-and-alumni/find-a-job-or-internship'
p1
V           Find a Job or Internship | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                Find a Job or Internship           Numerous jobs and internships can be found on Eagle Careers and through the various other web resources provided on this page. We encourage you to take some time to explore the listings, paying close attention to the skills and qualifications required of each position. Make time each day to browse these opportunities and actively assess your candidacy to ensure that you are the best applicant you can possibly be. Remember, the job/internship search takes patience, persistence, and dedication. Landing the perfect job doesn\u2019t just happen overnight, so plan accordingly and use us here at the Career Center for guidance and enhancement. The more you do, the better off you will be!  Eagle Careers http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/eagle-careers Network Building your network can be done by connecting with professors, other campus offices/departments, attending conferences, organization meetings, and job fairs, collaborating on a project, and much more!  Collect business cards from everyone you meet and take a few notes so that you will always remember where/when/how you met that person. When speaking of networking, it is also imperative that LinkedIn is mentioned.  LinkedIn is a great website where you can keep a public profile or resume of each job you\u2019ve held, detailed descriptions about your experience and skills, and it is also the best and most professional place to connect with your network.  Send a quick, personalized, invitation on LinkedIn to those you meet as you build your network. Join the UNT Career Center LinkedIn Career Center Group! Conducting Employer Research on LinkedIn How to Build a Great Student LinkedIn Profile How to Network on LinkedIn Q&A LinkedIn Etiquette Top 10 Online Job Hunting Tips Twitter, so long as it is strictly a professional account, can also be a great place to connect with professionals, stay up to date on current trends in your field, and also search for jobs. Leverage Twitter for Your Job Search Remember to continue to always build and grow your network as often times, these people will be the key to helping you in your job search. Career Exploration O*NET Occupational Outlook Handbook America's CareerInfoNet (Career Videos) Vocational Biographies - Contact Career Center for username and password Useful Tools and Resources Interview Questions (through Ready Prep Interview) Texas Workforce Commission Monster Vault Indeed Careerbuilder Simplyhired Idealist DFWHelpWanted       Find a Job or Internships Internships Interviewing Resumes & Cover Letters Job Search Tips GoinGlobal On-Campus Student Employment                                     Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.