(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/career-center/students-and-alumni/first-year-students'
p1
V           First Year Students | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                First Year Students           You are about to begin the next step towards your future. Unfortunately, your degree doesn\u2019t guarantee you a job. Luckily the Career Center can help. As a First Year student, we have a Career Development Specialist designated for you. There 3 components to start working on during your 1st year at UNT: Explore Your Options: Majors & Occupations. What Can I Do With This Major UNT Advising Website Don\u2019t know what you want to major in? Take the MyPlan Assessment  Get Involved: Campus events, Student Organizations, Volunteer OpportunitiesUNT Activities    Get Experience: On Campus Jobs, Work Study Jobs, Part-Time Jobs, Job Shadowing, InternshipsEagle Careers  Knowing your options, getting involved and having experience is what can help you land your 1st professional job. Plans can change, so know your options! If you have any questions or are in need of help. Come by the Career Center and meet with your First Year Career Development Specialist. We want to prepare you for your destination, your future! Meet your First Year Career Development Specialist: Joshua Malacara, M.Ed. Josh Malacara was born in Houston, Texas, and raised in San Antonio, Texas. He received his Bachelor\u2019s degree in Sports, Fitness, & Leisure Studies from Hardin-Simmons University in 2013 and Master\u2019s degree in Counseling & Human Development from HSU in 2015. While at HSU he worked in various departments in Higher Education. He has a passion to serve students and help them succeed. Outside of work, Josh enjoys spending time with his wife, dogs, family and friends, attending concerts and sporting events, traveling, hiking, and camping.              Helpful Tips, Resources, Articles Social Media Resources for new UNT students 5 Tips: Career Development for College Students from Freshman Year to Graduation Advice to a College Freshmen 5 Career Tips for College Freshmen 6 Steps to Kickstart Your Career as a College Freshmen Career Secrets for Freshmen                                     Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.