(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/career-center/my-plan'
p1
V           My Plan | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                         My Plan Pre-Orientation MyPlan Resources MyPlan \u2014 A computer based test that helps students make well-informed decisions about their careers. MyPlan.com can help you explore options and bring clarity and insight into figuring out what's best for you. With dozens of easy-to-use tools, MyPlan.com makes getting to that information convenient, simple and fun. Flyer for MyPlan My Plan Instructional Videos  How to Create a My Plan Account    My Plan Assessment Introduction and Personality Test    My Plan Interest Inventory     My Plan Skill Profiler     My Plan Values Assessment    Majors by Holland Codes - This document contains a list of UNT majors that are organized by your My Plan Interest inventory code. (ex. SCR Social Conventional Realistic) ONet - The O*NET program is the nation's primary source of occupational information. The database contains information on hundreds of standardized and occupation-specific descriptors.The database also provides the basis for our Career Exploration Tools, a set of valuable assessment instruments for workers and students looking to find or change careers. Occupational Outlook Handbook - Compiled by the U.S. Department of Labor, the Occupational Outlook Handbook is designed to provide valuable, up-to-date assistance to individuals making decisions about their futures. Accompanying each profession are descriptions of the nature of the work, working environment, job outlook training, and the required education, as well as job earnings, related occupations, and additional information sources.                                    Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.