(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/career-center/employers/visiting'
p1
V           Visiting | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                Visiting           Directions & Parking  Directions  Career Center Main Office Chestnut Hall, Suite 103 1800 West Chestnut Street  Denton, Texas 76203 (940) 565-2105View Map Career Center @ Discovery Park Discovery Park, C-111 3940 N Elm Street Denton, TX 76207View Map Career Center @ BLB Business Leadership Building, Suite 262A 1307 W Highland Street Denton, TX 76201View Map For Visiting Employers to the Main Office Locate the Chestnut Hall parking lot (Lot 5), located immediately east of Chestnut Hall. Park in the area marked "Patients and Career Center Employers" (the curbs are painted WHITE). Once parked, come in the Career Center and ask the one of the front desk attendants for a visitor's parking pass. Parking  As a campus servicing 36,000 students, parking is restricted. If you are attending an event, your event coordinator should have made you aware of reserved parking for employers. If not, please contact 940-565-2105 for immediate assistance. Discover Denton While you're in town visiting us, make sure to check out all that Denton has to offer. Discover Denton is a great online resource to find places to visit, shop and eat.                                     Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.