(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/career-center/employers/partnering'
p1
V           Partnering | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                Partnering           Career Center Services  Employer Partnership Programs University of North Texas thrives on empowering students and alumni to identify and achieve individual goals for career success. Our mission is to design and deliver high quality career services to UNT students and alumni through collaboration with campus, local and global partnerships. As a Career Center Signature Partner, you will have an exclusive opportunity to advertise your organization on campus for an entire year. Your contribution will provide our students and alumni with high quality career services and events, which will in turn help you recruit excellent UNT candidates. For more information about the Employer Partnership Program, contact Dr. Bonita Vinson, Career Center Director, at Bonita.Vinson@unt.edu or 940-565-2105 for additional information. 2015-2016 Employer Partners  Gold Partner: Saville Saville is a middle market CPA firm in downtown Dallas. We are one office with tax, audit, and accounting services departments. Saville has been listed in the Dallas Business Journal as a "Top 25 Accounting Firm" in Dallas-Fort Worth for the past seven consecutive years. Further, we were named a "Best Accounting Firm to Work For" by Accounting Today in 2011 and were just recognized as one of Dallas\u2019s \u201cBest and Brightest Companies to Work For\u201d in 2016. Saville is a proud member of Allinial Global and has a reputation of being one of the most outstanding CPA firms in the DFW area. Our firm possesses a wonderful culture that includes a work/life balance and paid overtime. Feel free to submit your resume to us today at www.savillecpa.com  Gold Partner: Schneider Schneider is the premier provider of truckload, intermodal and logistics services. Offering the broadest portfolio in the industry, Schneider\u2019s solutions include Regional, Long-Haul, Expedited, Dedicated, Bulk, Intermodal, Brokerage, Cross-Dock Logistics, Supply Chain Management and Port Logistics. A $4 billion company, Schneider has been delivering superior customer experiences and safely getting it done for over 80 years. For more information about Schneider, visit www.schneider.com or follow on Twitter: @WeAreSchneider.   The following sponsorship packages are good for the 2016-2017 Academic Year (12 months). Emerald Partner ($10,000) Customized half-day recruiting consultation on campus Complimentary registration and Premier Sponsor status for main Career Fairs (Business Career Fair and Engineering/IT Fair) each semester Complimentary registration for Part-time Job Fair each semester Complimentary registration for up to four (4) Expos per semester Two (2) tickets to the Etiquette Dinner Career Center interview suite with your company name and logo Company logo/profile page on the UNT Career Center website and in-office television monitors Three (3) social media spotlights per semester \u2013highlight a job, internship or information session through social media Priority participation in career panels, networking nights and special events One (1) free on-campus tabling opportunity each semester Two (2) season tickets for UNT Football and two (2) season tickets for UNT Basketball Platinum Partner ($7,000) Complimentary registration and Premier Sponsor status for one (1) main Career Fair each semester Complimentary registration for Part-time Job Fair each semester Complimentary registration for up to two (2) Expos per semester One (1) ticket to the Etiquette Dinner Career Center interview suite with your company name and logo Priority signup for interview suites Priority participation in career panels, networking nights and special events Company logo/profile page on the UNT Career Center website and in-office television monitors Two (2) social media spotlights per semester \u2013highlight a job, internship or information session through social media One (1) free on-campus tabling opportunity each semester One (1) season ticket for UNT Football or Basketball Gold Partner ($5,000) Complimentary registration and General Sponsor status for one (1) main Career Fair each semester Complimentary registration for one (1) Part-time Job Fair (either Fall or Spring) Complimentary registration for two (2) Expos per semester Priority participation in career panels, networking nights, and special events Company logo/profile page on the UNT Career Center website and in-office television monitors One (1) social media spotlight per semester \u2013highlight a job,internship or information session through social media Express Package ($3,000) The Express Package allows our employers to automatically sign up for every Career Center event during the 2016-2017 academic year. No need to register online\u2014we\u2019ll take care of it for you. This is a one stop shop package. Complimentary registration for all Career Center events during the academic year, including: Business Career Fair, Fall and Spring Engineering Fair, Fall and Spring Journalism Fair, Fall and Spring Government/Nonprofit Fair, Fall and Spring Part Time Job Fair, Fall and Spring Etiquette Dinner (1 ticket) All Expos   Recognition & Naming Opportunities Please contact Career Center Director Dr. Bonita Vinson (Bonita.Vinson@unt.edu) for more information. Career Center ($5 Million)Endowed Director ($1.5 Million)General Waiting Area ($40,000)Interview Suites ($10,000 ea)Large Meeting Room ($75,000)Small Meeting Room ($25,000)Staff Conference Room ($15,000)Recruiters\u2019 Lounge ($15,000) Other Partnership Opportunities Career Fair Sponsor ($1,000) Sponsor any one of our major career fairs (Business Career Fair or Engineering/IT Fair). Limited availability. Online Presence Package ($1,500) Company logo/profile page on the UNT Career Center web site Two social media spotlights per semester \u2013highlight your job or internship postings and information session through social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.)     Employer Advisory Board  The Career Center has created an Employer Advisory Board to provide an opportunity to share feedback and discuss industry trends. The board meets once a year and is consulted informally throughout the year about various topics and ideas. Please contact the Career Center at careercenter@unt.edu or (940) 565-2105 with interest in getting involved. Mission  The Employer Advisory Board's mission is to provide insight and resources to influence and enhance Career Center services provided to students, alumni and employers. Committee meetings provide a forum for a diverse group of employers and UNT Career Center staff to discuss relevant career development and employment topics. Employer Benefits and Services  Enhance profile and image of your organization with UNT students, faculty and administration Develop contacts for accessing key talent for employment opportunities Build knowledge of current regional economic and business trends Increase interaction with other regional employers, UNT faculty, the Career Center and other appropriate staff Inside knowledge of Career Center accomplishments and new initiatives Provide feedback concerning the services offered by the UNT Career Center Assist in providing career development learning opportunities through participation in workshops, panels, mock interviews, etc. Assist the Career Center staff in the identification or expansion of employment opportunities for students and alumni UNT Career Center Benefits  Receive valuable employer input to strengthen services Acquire current information regarding the job market for college graduates Learn techniques for marketing to students and employers Create new development ideas                                     Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.