(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/career-center/staff-and-faculty/supervisors-guide'
p1
V           Supervisor's Guide | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                Supervisor's Guide           University of North Texas Hourly Student Employment Policy Statement May 3, 2016 UNT Career Center  Download PDF As you have heard, there has been a change to the UNT Policy 05.025 \u2013 Hourly Student Employment that may affect some student employees.  Recently the federal government enacted the new Affordable Care Act (ACA) into law, which mandates that all employers, larger than 50 employees, provide employees that work 30 or more hours per week with health insurance coverage.  Due to that mandate, many campuses nationwide, including UNT, had to look at their policies and procedures for student employment. Keeping this in mind, a committee of professionals from the Career Center, Human Resources, Academic Affairs, and Student Affairs were brought together to review the policy and procedures for student employment as it relates to the ACA.  For nearly a year, the committee reviewed payroll and other records to determine the number of students that would be affected by ACA, and by this change in maximum hours.  The committee also did some calculations on hour limits to determine what the maximum number of hours were to stay within the ACA guidelines.  After those reviews and calculations, it was determined that the 25-hour per week limit would be necessary to impact the fewest number of students, while at the same time still allow the many students that work during the winter break and summer months, the opportunity to work up to 40 hours, which is also in the policy. With nearly 5,000 students who work on campus, the role of the student employee is paramount in the success of UNT. And, while we understand that this will affect many students, the committee determined that this was the best solution for the campus as a whole. This campus-wide decision was not intended to punish students or put them out, but rather look out for their best interest while we align with the requirements of Federal Laws. We desire to keep our student employment program going, growing, and strong! UNT is committed to student success and we believe this policy and its requirements accomplish that while at the same time keeps UNT more costly measures that would impact the entire university. In order to provide more clarification, we have developed a list of FAQs we have received since the policy has been adopted by UNT. Click here for FAQs. If you have further questions, please address them to our Student Employment Office at 940-565-2105. Student Employment Policy (NEW POLICY APRIL 2016) EMPLOYMENT OF STUDENTS FOR HOURLY POSITIONS (05.025) Policy Student Employment College Work-Study (05.201)(Federal, State, & Institutional/Emerald Eagle) Policy Policy Trainings Student Employment Policy Overview for Supervisors Download College Work Study Download Forms and Tools Offer Letter Template Download Criminal History Backgroud Check Download Job Code Reference Guide Download Tutorials Time Reporting and Approval ePAR Information Online EIS, ePAR and Time & Labor Trainings Special Services & Programs  Job Fairs and Camp Day offering students opportunities to network with many potential employers in one setting. Customer service training for student employees (C.A.S.A.). Training and one-on-one consultation for supervisors of student employees. Training topics include: general supervision, interviewing and hiring information, forms and procedures associated with positing a job, giving feedback, and anything else you need! Contact for student employees with formal complaint issues. Off-campus web job listings system. Student Employee Skill Evaluation  Division of Student Affairs Student Employee Skill Evaluation        Supervisor's Guide Job Posting Instructions National Student Employment Week Coming Soon!                                     Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.