(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/career-center/parents-and-family'
p1
V           Parents and Family | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                Parents and Family           The Career Center provides many opportunities for your student throughout their time at UNT and beyond. Our team is dedicated to Empowering students and alumni to identify and achieve individual goals for career success. We achieve this by designing and delivering high quality career services to UNT students and alumni through collaboration with campus, local and global partnerships. Our services are free for both current students and alumni. Encourage your student to connect with the Career Center today. How Can You Help Your Student? As a family member, we know that you are invested in your student\u2019s success at the University of North Texas. There are many ways that you can help your student get connected to the Career Center, including the 7 listed below: 1) Career Development Specialists: Encourage your student to make an appointment with their Career Development Specialist. Each Career Development Specialist is assigned by academic college allowing familiarity with the changes in your student\u2019s field of interest. They can assist in helping students explore majors, building their resume, networking, preparing for interviews, internships, and much more. 2) Eagle Careers: Eagle Careers is the private job bank of UNT, regularly updated with job listings for students and alumni posting both on- and off-campus opportunities. 3) Student Employment: On-campus jobs are available for all students; students who qualify for work study and those who do not. A host of workshops such as customer service training (CASA) and the Eagle Edge program are available to help students successfully navigate their employment experience. All available on-campus student positions can be found through the Eagle Careers website. In addition, at the beginning of each semester, the Career Center hosts a part-time job fair featuring on- and off-campus job opportunities. 4) Fairs & Expos: The Career Center offers a wide variety of networking and recruiting events for students of all majors and programs of study. Please see our Events page for more information on upcoming events. 5) Take Flight Job Shadowing: Take Flight is an experiential \u201cjob shadowing\u201d program that lasts from one to a few days. Students have the opportunity to visit organizations throughout the DFW area and learn more about specific industries, organizations and career opportunities. For more information check the events section on the Eagle Careers website. 6) Career Education Workshops: Workshops are held throughout the year covering topics such as Choosing a Major, Resume Preparation, Interview Techniques, Career Planning, Job Search Strategies, and many other professional development topics. View and register for workshops on the Eagle Careers website. 7) On-Campus Interviews: The Career Center has a dedicated interview suite consisting of 17 courtesy offices which employers utilize to host interviews for internships and full-time positions. Browse upcoming interview dates and apply for an interview on Eagle Careers                                       Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.