(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/center-leadership-and-service'
p1
V           Center for Leadership and Service | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Center for Leadership and Service » Home About Us »  About Us Staff   Programs Contact DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Center for Leadership and Service  Home About UsStaff  Programs Contact DSA Home                      Center for Leadership and Service       Core Values  Learning Engagement Community Collaboration Empowerment The Center for Leadership & Service creates and implements programs that reflect and instill these five values. We develop students who will become active participants in the LEARNING process, and in turn will understand the value of service, leadership, and civic ENGAGEMENT. Our office creates an inclusive COMMUNITY on campus by establishing connections and encouraging COLLABORATION to EMPOWER student leaders to solve complex problems together. Hours Fall & Spring: Monday \u2013 Friday, 8 am \u2013 5 pm         Programs by Center for Leadership & Service                All for NT/NT for All   All for NT/NT for All is a one day conference focused on introducing student leaders to new topics to enhance...   By:  Center for Leadership and Service              Alternative Service Breaks   The mission of the University of North Texas' Alternative Breaks Program is to raise awareness of social...   By:  Center for Leadership and Service              Be the Match   Join more than 8,000 students, faculty and staff who have registered with the Be the Match Registry® (the...   By:  Center for Leadership and Service              Emerging Leaders Series   Are you a first or second year student? Do you want to develop your leadership skills and get connected to...   By:  Center for Leadership and Service              Volunteer and Non-Profit Fairs   This year, the Center for Leadership & Service is partnering with the Career Center to combine a...   By:  Center for Leadership and Service              UNT SERVES! REAL Community   UNT SERVES! is a REAL Community for 51 students in Kerr Hall. It is supported by the College of Public...   By:  Center for Leadership and Service              Community Engagement Graduation Cord   Congratulations! You're nearly there. After all of the fantastic work you have done for the University...   By:  Center for Leadership and Service              Adopt-A-Block   The Adopt-a-Block program gives students, faculty, and staff the opportunity to participate in creating a...   By:  Center for Leadership and Service         Connect with Us       leadandserve@unt.edu   (940) 565-3021  Physical AddressThe Union, Suite 345                                                     Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.