(S'http://financialaid.unt.edu/general-academic-scholarships'
p1
V    SFAS Academic Scholarships | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                         Search the UNT web site:       Skip to content    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                               Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                                   Home SFAS Basics College Costs ScholarshipsApply for Scholarships How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Other Assistance - Waivers and Exemptions  Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources          Home » ScholarshipsSFAS Academic Scholarships  Entering and continuing UNT students may apply for a number of scholarships through the General Scholarship Application. These scholarship awards are funded by the university and donors that request Student Financial AidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work). and Scholarship (SFAS) administer their scholarships. View a listing of SFAS Academic Scholarships. To compete for SFAS Academic Scholarships, students must complete the General Scholarship Application.  We encourage all UNT students to complete the General Scholarship Application annually to ensure they are placing themselves in a position to compete for available scholarship funding. Students must be fully admitted and active in a UNT degree-seeking program to receive any UNT Scholarship award.  Students compete for scholarships based on a completed General Scholarship Application, provided they meet individual scholarship opportunity criteria. Keep in mind that many students compete for scholarships, and the availability of scholarship funding is affected by factors such as the state economy and the stock market's performance. Completing the General Scholarship Application does not guarantee a scholarship award.              Contact Us:        Student Financial Aid and Scholarships       1155 Union Circle #311370  Denton,        TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738  Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203  Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM,  Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?       Please contact us.                   financialaid@unt.edu             UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on          April 4, 2017        Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness        Select LanguageEnglishSpanish          
p2
t.