(S'http://financialaid.unt.edu/applying-financial-aid-step-5'
p1
V    Applying for Financial Aid - Step 5 | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                         Search the UNT web site:       Skip to content    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                               Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                                   Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial AidStep-by-step Application Process How to Check Your Financial Aid Status Dates and Deadlines Forms Special Circumstances Verification Dependency Override Refunds Maintaining Eligibility Financial Aid Guidelines  Helpful Resources          Home » Apply for Financial AidApplying for Financial Aid - Step 5    Do you have special circumstances that might affect your ability to pay for college? If so, please call the Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office at 940-565-2302. There is not an area on the FAFSA where you can describe your special circumstances. Learn more about how UNT can work with you in certain situations.   You'll receive your Student Aid Report (SAR) via e-mail about two to three business days after you complete the FAFSA.   The SAR will arrive via e-mail only if you provide a valid e-mail address when you fill out the FAFSA.  If you don't provide a valid e-mail, then it'll take up to three weeks before your SAR is delivered to you by mail.  The Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office also will receive your FAFSA data electronically, which they use to determine your eligibility for financial aid. When you receive the SAR, please do the following:  Check the comments section. This is where you'll view your Expected Family Contribution (EFC).  This section also will tell you if you've been selected for verification.  Review it for accuracy. If corrections are needed, call the Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office at 940-565-2302. If your SAR is accurate, keep it for your records.  When the Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office receives your FAFSA,  they will do the following:  Verify you have been admitted into UNT. Verify you are admitted into an eligible program. Verify you are meeting satisfactory academic progress. Determine if your FAFSA application is complete.  This process may take several months depending on the time of year you are applying for financial aid.  You should continue to access and monitor your financial aid information at myUNT.                Contact Us:        Student Financial Aid and Scholarships       1155 Union Circle #311370  Denton,        TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738  Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203  Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM,  Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?       Please contact us.                   financialaid@unt.edu             UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on          April 4, 2017        Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness        Select LanguageEnglishSpanish          
p2
t.