(S'http://financialaid.unt.edu/how-check-your-financial-aid-status'
p1
V    How to Check Your Financial Aid Status | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                         Search the UNT web site:       Skip to content    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                               Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                                   Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial AidStep-by-step Application Process How to Check Your Financial Aid Status Dates and Deadlines Forms Special Circumstances Verification Dependency Override Refunds Maintaining Eligibility Financial Aid Guidelines  Helpful Resources          Home » Apply for Financial Aid » How to Check Your Financial Aid StatusHow to Check Your Financial Aid Status  After you have applied for financial aid, visit myUNT for updates from the Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office. The amount of your financial aid award package will be posted on myUNT, where you can accept or decline each award.  Below is an overview on how to access your award package on myUNT.  Continue to myUNT. Step 1:  Once you're logged onto myUNT, click on 'Accept Financial Aid.'    Step 2:  Select the aid year you want to view.     Step 3:    You can see what you've been awarded.  Then, you can accept or decline the awards.    Step 4:   Be sure to read the details and requirements of each award.             Contact Us:        Student Financial Aid and Scholarships       1155 Union Circle #311370  Denton,        TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738  Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203  Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM,  Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?       Please contact us.                   financialaid@unt.edu             UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on          April 4, 2017        Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness        Select LanguageEnglishSpanish          
p2
t.