(S'http://awards.unt.edu/president-awards'
p1
V          Presidential Awards | University Awards                       Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Presidential Awards Student Awards Faculty Awards Staff Awards Alumni Awards Innovator Awards          Search form  Search                University Awards         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                          University Awards             Main menu  Home Presidential Awards Student Awards Faculty Awards Staff Awards Alumni Awards Innovator Awards                              Presidential Awards           Who is Bob Rogers? A graduate of the Julliard School of Music and Columbia Teachers College, the late Robert J. \u2018Bob\u2019 Rogers, was Professor Emeritus of music. His teaching career at UNT spanned from 1948 to 1984 in the College of Music. After retiring, Rogers was the pianist at countless fundraisers and campus events. He is affectionately known as UNT\u2019s very own \u201cPiano Man.\u201d  Read more about Bob Rogers.  People who rise to the top do so through hard work, commitment and excellence. And there is a special group of those people who make it a point to lift up others. Their success is defined by service and a generosity of spirit. They lead by example and have a lasting impact in whatever they do. Presidential awards are bestowed by the president of the university and honor those who have not only elevated themselves, but also the people around them, the communities in which they live, the industries in which they work and the organizations that they serve. In doing so, they bring honor to UNT as a member of the university family. The president gives these awards to students, faculty, staff, alumni, friends and community members to recognize the highest levels of achievement, excellence and service. Presidential Medal of Honor This exclusive award, given by the president, honors those who have gone above and beyond to support UNT and its mission. It is the highest presidential honor given to an individual. The president selects the recipients and presents the awards as the occasion arises. President\u2019s Citation The President\u2019s Citation is given to individuals who have given extraordinary service and support to UNT either in enhancing the university\u2019s reputation or in helping the university to accomplish its mission. The president selects the recipients and presents the awards as the occasion arises. Honorary Degrees UNT awards Honorary Degrees to individuals who, by their extraordinary achievements, add substantial knowledge to or better society as a whole. A special certificate and the degree is awarded as the occasion arises. UNT Community Award The UNT Community Award honors students, faculty or staff members for outstanding service that has enriched the UNT experience for the UNT community. This outstanding service is characterized by consistent and meaningful involvement in the campus community with servant-leadership. The president selects the recipients and presents the awards as the occasion arises. This award will be presented at the Staff Appreciation Luncheon or Salute to Faculty Excellence Dinner or Honor\u2019s Day program depending on the respective recipient. Now taking nominations. Submit your nomination Instructions for submitting an award  Download PDF by right-clicking and select, "Save As." Save the file to your hard drive. Open the PDF in a PDF viewer. Download Adobe Acrobat Reader for free. Fill out the form and save the changes to the PDF file. Attach PDF to an email, send to PresidentsAwards@unt.edu. Special Recognition Award The Special Recognition Award honors an extraordinary student, faculty or staff member (or group) who has contributed momentous, unique talent or service to the university and cultivated UNT pride. This award is given where no usual award or recognition is available due to unique quality of the contributions. The president selects the recipients and presents the awards as the occasion arises. This award will be presented at the Staff Appreciation Luncheon or Salute to Faculty Excellence Dinner or Honor\u2019s Day program depending on the respective recipient. Now taking nominations. Submit your nomination Instructions for submitting an award  Download PDF by right-clicking and select, "Save As." Save the file to your hard drive. Open the PDF in a PDF viewer. Download Adobe Acrobat Reader for free. Fill out the form and save the changes to the PDF file. Attach PDF to an email, send to PresidentsAwards@unt.edu. Bob Rogers Service and Community Engagement Award This award is named in honor of the late Bob Rogers, Professor Emeritus of music and former assistant dean of the College of Music, who was best known for volunteering his time as a pianist at campus events and as a fixture in the Denton community. The award is given to a faculty or staff member whose talent, dedication, passion and community service enhances both UNT and the greater community and helps them maintain strong bonds. This award will be presented at the Staff Appreciation Luncheon or Salute to Faculty Excellence Dinner depending on the respective recipient. Now taking nominations. Submit your nomination Instructions for submitting an award  Download PDF by right-clicking and select, "Save As." Save the file to your hard drive. Open the PDF in a PDF viewer. Download Adobe Acrobat Reader for free. Fill out the form and save the changes to the PDF file. Attach PDF to an email, send to PresidentsAwards@unt.edu.                           Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277 Denton, Texas 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-2108 urcm@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 13, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 13, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.