(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/career-center/students-and-alumni/career-advising/career-development-checklist'
p1
V           Career Development Checklist | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                Career Development Checklist           This checklist is your guide for making the job search process easier. The activities within each category don't need to be done in order.Just check them off as you go! Ongoing Activities  Explore part-time jobs (on or off-campus). Identify a career mentor. Attend UNT Career Fairs and Festivals. Get involved in a student organization or volunteer experience. Career Exploration (Freshmen and Sophomores)  Meet with your Career Advisor. (Call to schedule.) Register with the Eagle Careers. Take a career assessment. Conduct an informational interview. Meet with your academic advisor to develop your University Core Curriculum. Research occupations online. Officially declare a major. Job Search and Application (Juniors and Seniors)  Meet with your Career Advisor to review your resume and discuss job search strategies. (Call to schedule.) Check the Eagle Careers regularly. Take on a Leadership role in a professional and/or student organization. Discuss graduate school, internships, and career opportunities with your career mentor, academic mentor and/or faculty. Attend Career Seminars. Create your "Two-Minute Commercial." Select at least 3 references for job applications. Participate in mock interviews. Research employers. Update your resume regularly, and keep it posted on the Eagle Careers. Participate in on-campus interviews. Find an internship. Download the Career Development Checklist.                                       Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.