(S'http://catalog.unt.edu/preview_program.php?catoid=14&poid=3991'
p1
V  Program: Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, MS - University of North Texas - Acalog ACMS\u2122                      Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.                                                                      Search the UNT web site:              Search the UNT web site  Search the UNT web site:      En Español   MyUNT   EagleConnect   Blackboard   People   Maps   Calendars   Apply Now                                                                        Visit Us                        University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277                             Denton, Texas 76203-5017 [map] | Tour Information                                Email Us                         Freshmen admissions   Transfer admissions   Graduate admissions   International admissions   Housing information                                 Contact Us                        940-565-2000 University Directory   For questions about content in this web site, contact catalog@unt.edu.            Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home                                     University of North Texas                      May 06, 2017         2015-2016 Graduate Catalog        2017-2018 Undergraduate Catalog 2016-2017 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2016-2017 Graduate Catalog 2015-2016 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2015-2016 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]                                                       Catalog Search   Select an option Courses Programs Academic Units Other Content Entire Catalog     Whole Word/Phrase Advanced Search                Catalog Home       Degrees, Certificates, Teacher Certifications    Course Descriptions        The university    2015-2016 Academic calendar    Accreditation    Admission    Academics    Master's degree requirements    Doctoral degree requirements    Enrollment    Financial information    Campus resources    Policies    Contacts at UNT        Degree programs listed by academic unit        Toulouse Graduate School    College of Arts and Sciences    College of Business    College of Education    College of Engineering    College of Information    Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism    College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism    College of Music    College of Public Affairs and Community Service    College of Visual Arts and Design    Honors College        Administration, faculty and librarians        Campus maps    Archived Catalogs 1995-96 to 2010-11    Catalog .pdf                     My Catalog                     HELP 2015-2016 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]  Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, MS Print-Friendly Page Add to My Catalog         Faculty research interests in biochemistry and molecular biology (BMB) reflect the broad nature of this discipline, including biochemistry, molecular genetics, systems biology, developmental biology, cell biology, metabolism, and organism interactions with the environment in microbial, plant and animal systems. A specially tailored degree plan is determined in consultation with the student's major advisor and graduate committee members. Research laboratories are equipped with state-of-the-art growth facilities and instrumentation for in depth study of functional genomics, gene discovery, metabolomics, protein/nucleic acid structure and function, and molecular and cellular imaging. Visit www.biology.unt.edu for more information on the research interests of the BMB faculty. Degrees in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Option 1 Master of Science with a major in biochemistry and molecular biology is a research program of 30 hours of graduate credit at the 5000 and 6000 course level beyond the bachelor's degree, including 6 hours of thesis. Option 2 Master of Science with a major in biochemistry and molecular biology is a non-thesis professional science master's (PSM) degree that prepares students interested in biotechnology for careers in industry and government. The PSM degree option requires 36 hours of graduate credit at the 5000 and 6000 course level beyond the bachelor's degree, including a 4 to 6 hour internship. Biochemistry and molecular biology graduate core courses The MS with a major in biochemistry and molecular biology is designed to provide a graduate-level foundation followed by advanced study and research. Students are required to successfully complete a minimum of three BMB foundation courses across the disciplines of biochemistry, molecular genetics and cell biology (equivalent to 9 hours), and an additional three courses (equivalent to 9 hours) selected from foundation, advanced and supporting electives, in consultation with the student's advisory committee. Supporting electives courses may be in biology, chemistry, computer science, mathematics or physics. Contact the department for further details on qualifying foundation, advanced and supporting elective courses. Students must enroll in BIOL 5860   at least once per year for the duration of their degree. Option 1, Master of Science requirements and procedures  During the first long term/semester, the student, in consultation with the major professor, selects an advisory committee of two other faculty members from the department faculty. A copy of the form designating the committee should be filed with the graduate advising secretary before the student's second long term/semester. Before registering for the second long term/semester, the student, major professor and advisory committee prepare a formal degree plan of the courses to be taken by the student. The degree plan consists of 9 hours of foundation and 9 hours of advanced/electives courses, and 6 hours of thesis. Only 3 hours of special problems (5900-5910) may be counted toward the degree plan. The number of individual research (6940) hours counted toward the degree plan, is determined by the major professor and advisory committee. A copy of the degree plan, signed by all committee members, should be submitted to the graduate advising secretary before the student's second long term/semester. All course work must be at the 5000 and 6000 levels. Master's degree students may not receive graduate credit for any undergraduate course by taking the course under a 5000- or 6000-level designation, such as special problems. Undergraduate courses, except those which meet with graduate courses, are considered to be for the correction of deficiencies and are not included in the graduate degree plan hours. Before registering for the third long semester, a formal research proposal, outlining objectives to complete the thesis should be submitted to the major professor and advisory committee for approval. After the approved research proposal is filed the student may register for thesis. Once registered for thesis the student must maintain continuous enrollment in at least 3 hours of 5950 during each long term/semester until the thesis is submitted to the graduate school. Failure to maintain continuous enrollment may invalidate previous thesis credit or result in the student being dismissed from the degree program, unless granted an official leave of absence by the dean of the Toulouse Graduate School. Following approval by the major professor, a draft of the completed thesis must be submitted to the committee at least one week prior to the defense of the thesis and final examination. A formal seminar based on the thesis must be presented by the student during the student's final term/semester. The student must schedule a room for and publicly advertise the seminar and defense. Directly following the seminar, the student defends the thesis in a final oral examination conducted by the major professor and advisory committee. The student is responsible for completing all requirements and meeting all deadlines for graduation within the time specified by the graduate school. A final copy of the thesis must be submitted to the Department of Biological Sciences main office either bound or on disk in .pdf format.  Option 2, Professional science master's degree requirements and procedures Candidates are required to complete a curriculum composed of 14 hours in core biology/biochemistry/molecular biology related courses and 6 hours of elective science courses in the same disciplines, and an additional 12 hours of non-science professional development courses selected from a list of courses in business, public administration, communication, philosophy, economics and writing. The course of study is selected with the guidance of a graduate advisory committee. A 4 to 6 hour internship is also required. Satisfactory completion of a written comprehensive exit examination is required of all candidates.           Back to Top | Print-Friendly Page Add to My Catalog               All catalogs © 2017 University of North Texas. Powered by the Acalog\u2122 Academic Catalog Management System\u2122 (ACMS\u2122).   Mobile Site.      
p2
t.