(S'http://english.unt.edu/creative-writing/visiting-writers-series?cta=section-highlight'
p1
V               UNT Visiting Writers Series | Department of English                                Skip to main content     MyUNT Blackboard Find People at UNT View Maps of UNT Give to UNT   Apply online       College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences Department of English                HomePeopleFacultyStaffUndergraduateDescription of the MajorDescription of the MinorAdvising and Degree PlansCourse DescriptionsHistorical Period CoursesHonors College Capstone ThesisUndergraduate ScholarshipsCompositionSigma Tau DeltaNorth Texas ReviewInternshipsGraduateApplying to the Graduate ProgramCourse RequirementsCourse DescriptionsJob OpportunitiesRecent Theses and DissertationsGraduate Scholarships for Continuing StudentsHandbookFirst Year Writing Resources @ UNTCreative WritingThe Graduate ProgramCreative Writing FacultyProspective StudentsCurrent StudentsFunding OpportunitiesUNT Rilke PrizeVoertman AAP PrizeVisiting Writers SeriesPrevious Visiting WritersAmerican Literary ReviewSITNALRWhy English?The Value of Literary Studies and the HumanitiesCalendar            Home Creative Writing UNT Visiting Writers Series      Creative Writing  The Graduate Program Creative Writing Faculty Prospective Students Current Students Funding Opportunities UNT Rilke Prize Voertman AAP Prize Visiting Writers Series Previous Visiting Writers American Literary Review        UNT Visiting Writers Series     The UNT Visiting Writers Series brings nationally and internationally renowned writers to campus to give public readings. All readings are free and open to the public. To receive notices about our upcoming events, please "Like" us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter. Follow these links for visitor parking information, UNT campus map, or UNT parking map.  __________________________________ UNT Visiting Writers Series Spring 2017 Melissa Kwasny  March 8, 2017 Q&A 4:30 PM Terrill Hall 121 Reading & Book Signing 8:00 PM Sage Hall 116 Melissa Kwasny is the author of five books of poetry: Pictograph, The Nine Senses, Reading Novalis in Montana (all from Milkweed Editions), Thistle (Lost Horse Press), and The Archival Birds (Bear Star Press). Reading Novalis in Montana was named in The Huffington Post as one of the top ten books of 2009 and Thistle won the Idaho Prize. She is also the editor of the anthology Toward the Open Field: Poets on the Art of Poetry 1800-1950 (Wesleyan University Press) and co-editor, with M.L. Smoker of an anthology of poems in defense of human rights, I Go to the Ruined Place. Her collection of essays, Earth Recitals: Essays on Image and Vision, was published by Lynx House Press in 2013. Kwasny teaches at Carroll College in Helena, Montana and is currently a visiting writer in the University of Montana's MFA program.   Jeffrey Eugenides  March 31, 2017 Reading / Q&A / Book Signing 2PM University Union 333 Jeffrey Eugenides grew up in Grosse Pointe, Michigan, and attended Brown and Stanford Universities. His novel Middlesex was the winner of the Pulitzer Prize and the Ambassador Book Award, and was a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award, the IMPAC Dublin Literary Award, France's Prix Medicis, and the Lambda Literary Award.  It was also selected for Oprah's Book Club. Eugenides' first novel, The Virgin Suicides, was adapted into a critically-acclaimed film by Sofia Coppola. He is on the faculty of Princeton University, and lives in Princeton, New Jersey. All UNT Visiting Writers Series events are free and open to the public. Barnes & Noble at UNT Bookstore will provide books for sale at the reading.  We suggest you park in the Highland Street garage for readings in the Business Leadership Building. Info here: http://transportation.unt.edu/parking 2017 UNT Rilke Prize Winner Wayne Miller Post-  Wayne Miller is the author of four collections of poems, including Post-, The City, Our City, The Book of Props, and Only the Senses Sleep. He is also a co-translator of two books from the Albanian poet Moikom Zeqo, and a co-editor of three anthologies, including Literary Publishing in the Twenty-First Century and New European Poets. His work has been named a finalist for the William Carlos Williams Award, the 2012 Rilke Prize, and the PEN Center USA Award in Translation. He is the recipient of the George Bogin Award, the Lucille Medwick Award, the Lyric Poetry Award, a Ruth Lilly Fellowship, the Bess Hokin Prize, and a Fulbright to Queen's University Belfast. Miller co-curates the Pleiades Press Unsung Masters Series with Kevin Prufer and is a professor of English at the University of Colorado Denver, where he edits Copper Nickel. April 12, 2017 6:30 PM Q&A / Reception UNT on the Square 109 N. Elm StreetDenton, TX 76201 April 13, 2017 8 PM Reading & Book Signing Business Leadership Building, Room 180 1307 West Highland StreetDenton, Texas 76201 All events are free and open to the public - Join us! Barnes & Noble at UNT Bookstore will provide books available for purchase. We suggest you park in the Highland Street garage for readings in the Business Leadership Building. Info here: http://transportation.unt.edu/parking For more information about the UNT Rilke Prize and our previous winners visit: http://english.unt.edu/creative-writing/unt-rilke-prize ____________________________________ Special Events Patricia Foster  Class Visit April 27, 2017 Language Building 316 6:30 p.m. Patricia Foster is the author of two books of nonfiction and the editor of three anthologies of nonfiction prose. Her latest book, is the recently published and award-winning novel Girl from Soldier Creek (Stephen F. Austin University Press, 2016). Just beneath My Skin (University of Georgia Press, 2004), is a collection of essays that explores autobiography as a means of creative self-examination. Kirkus Review (starred) called it "perceptive, thoughtful - and thought-provoking - with abundant moments of insight," whereas the American Library Association noted that "although writers can feel alone and alienated, Foster seems to have found a place of redemption, where she is at home living beyond the ordinary, which, in turn, infuses her writing with its notable lyricism." Four essays in this collection were named Notable Essays by Robert Atwan (Best American Essays) while "A Second Look" won the Mary Roberts Rinehart Award for nonfiction. Patricia Foster began her book publishing career with the anthology Minding the Body: Women Writers on Body and Soul (Anchor/Doubleday, 1994), a book translated into German, Dutch and Portuguese, chosen as a QPB Paperback selection, and performed as a play by the Tampa Bay Performing Arts Center. Sister to Sister (Anchor/Doubleday, 1996), The Healing Circle co-edited with Mary Swander (Dutton, 1998), and a memoir, All the Lost Girls (University of Alabama, 2000), winner of the PEN/Jerard Fund Award for Women's Nonfiction, all continued her interest in narrative nonfiction. In addition to personal essays, Patricia Foster is a writer of fiction and a graduate of the Iowa Writers' Workshop. She has published both fiction and nonfiction in such literary quarterlies as the Gettysburg Review, Virginia Quarterly Review, Iowa Review, Shenandoah, Prairie Schooner and Fourth Genre. She won a Lake Effect Fiction Award, a Florida Arts Council Award, a Yaddo residency, four Alabama Arts & Humanities Awards, and a Dean's Scholar Award (University of Iowa). In 2003, she was an exchange professor at Paul Valery University in Montpellier, France. In addition to her MFA in fiction, Patricia has an MFA in art (UCLA) and a Ph.D. in women's literature and creative writing (Florida State University). Visit The American Literary Review for an excerpt of Girl from Soldier Creek: http://www.americanliteraryreview.com/reviews--interviews/an-excerpt-fro... Claire Legrand  Reading / Q&A / Book Signing March 3, 2017 3PM Business Leadership Building Room 225 Join us for this special event with Claire Legrand, a graduate from UNT's Department of English! Claire Legrand, a North Texas native, graduated from UNT in 2008 with a degree in English Literature, and then again in 2010 with a Master of Library Science degree. She now lives in Princeton, New Jersey, where she writes novels for young readers and works at her local public library. Her novel Some Kind of Happiness is a 2017 Edgar Award nominee, and her middle grade fantasy novel Foxheart was a 2016 Junior Library Guild selection. She is also the author of The Cavendish Home for Boys and Girls, The Year of Shadows, and Winterspell, with six more books on the way. Claire's website: http://www.claire-legrand.com This event is free and open to the public. Barnes & Noble at UNT Bookstore will have books available for purchase.  Facebook event page: https://www.facebook.com/events/250857595370691/ Click here for flyer   Fall 2016 Schedule New Faculty Reading Jehanne Dubrow, Ian McGuire, and Jill Talbot September 28, 2016  Pictured above: Jehanne Dubrow, Ian McGuire, Jill Talbot Jehanne Dubrow's sixth book, Dots & Dashes, won the Crab Orchard Series in Poetry Open Competition Award and will be published in 2017. Her work has appeared in Virginia Quarterly Review, The New England Review, Ploughshares, and The New York Times Magazine.  Ian McGuire grew up near Hull, England, and studied at the University of Manchester and the University of Virginia. He writes criticism and fiction, and his stories have been published in Chicago Review, The Paris Review, and elsewhere. His recent novel The North Water was longlisted for the 2016 Man Booker Prize. Jill Talbot is the author of The Way We Weren't: A Memoir and the editor of Metawritings: Toward a Theory of Nonfiction. Her work has appeared in journals such as Brevity, DIAGRAM, Ecotone, Fourth Genre, The Paris Review Daily, The Normal School, Slice Magazine, and has been listed as Notables in Best American Essays 2014, 2015, and 2016.   Charles D'Ambrosio October 20, 2016  Charles D'Ambrosio is the author of two collections of short stories, The Point and Other Stories, and The Dead Fish Museum, which was a finalist for the PEN/Faulkner Award, and two essay collections, Orphans and Loitering.  His work has appeared in The New Yorker, Tin House, Harper's, The Paris Review, Zoetrope All-Story, as well as various anthologies, including the Best American Short Stories, The Pushcart Prize, and the O. Henry Prize Stories.  Among other honors, he has been the recipient of a Whiting Writers' Award and a Lannan Award. He teaches fiction at the Iowa Writers' Workshop.   Dagoberto Gilb November 15, 2016  Dagoberto Gilb is the author of, most recently, Before the End, After the Beginning. His previous books are The Flowers, Gritos, Woodcuts of Women, The Last Known Residence of Mickey Acuña, and The Magic of Blood. He also has edited Hecho en Tejas: An Anthology of Texas Mexican Literature and Mexican American Literature: A Portable Anthology.  Gilb's fiction and nonfiction have been honored by Guggenheim and NEA fellowships, a Whiting Writers' Award, the PEN/Hemingway Award, and as a finalist for both the PEN/Faulkner and National Book Critics' Circle awards. His work has appeared in a wide range of magazines, including Harper's, The New Yorker, The Threepenny Review, Zyzzyva, The Nation, and many others. Dagoberto spent almost two decades of his adulthood as a journeyman, high-rise carpenter with the United Brotherhood of Carpenters. Born in Los Angeles, he made his home for many years in El Paso and has since lived in Austin. At the University of Houston-Victoria, Gilb is the executive director of CentroVictoria, a center for Mexican American literature and culture, where is also the writer-in-residence.  Previous Visiting Writers Series For audio files of previous visiting writers click here. Spring 2016    Colm Tóibín Colm Tóibín is the author of eight novels, including Brooklyn and Nora Webster, and two collections of short stories. He is the Irene and Sidney B. Silverman Professor of Humanities at Columbia University. His work has been translated into more than thirty languages. 2016 UNT Rilke Prize Winner  Rick Barot 2016 UNT Rilke Prize Winner For more information about the UNT Rilke Prize and the 2017 submission process click here.                     Thinking about UNT? It's easy to apply online. Join us and discover why we're the choice of over 37,000 students. Apply now             Visit Us                 Auditorium Building 112 Follow Us FacebookTwitter   College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences View departments Get advising University of North Texas Explore our degrees Take a tour Get financial aid Apply online Find a person Register for classes Follow UNT on social media         Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Statement Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline Governors Committee on People with Disabilities Texas Veterans Portal UNT Home        
p2
t.