(S'http://catalog.unt.edu/preview_program.php?catoid=14&poid=4046'
p1
V  Program: Environmental Science, MS - University of North Texas - Acalog ACMS\u2122                      Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.                                                                      Search the UNT web site:              Search the UNT web site  Search the UNT web site:      En Español   MyUNT   EagleConnect   Blackboard   People   Maps   Calendars   Apply Now                                                                        Visit Us                        University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277                             Denton, Texas 76203-5017 [map] | Tour Information                                Email Us                         Freshmen admissions   Transfer admissions   Graduate admissions   International admissions   Housing information                                 Contact Us                        940-565-2000 University Directory   For questions about content in this web site, contact catalog@unt.edu.            Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home                                     University of North Texas                      May 06, 2017         2015-2016 Graduate Catalog        2017-2018 Undergraduate Catalog 2016-2017 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2016-2017 Graduate Catalog 2015-2016 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2015-2016 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]                                                       Catalog Search   Select an option Courses Programs Academic Units Other Content Entire Catalog     Whole Word/Phrase Advanced Search                Catalog Home       Degrees, Certificates, Teacher Certifications    Course Descriptions        The university    2015-2016 Academic calendar    Accreditation    Admission    Academics    Master's degree requirements    Doctoral degree requirements    Enrollment    Financial information    Campus resources    Policies    Contacts at UNT        Degree programs listed by academic unit        Toulouse Graduate School    College of Arts and Sciences    College of Business    College of Education    College of Engineering    College of Information    Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism    College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism    College of Music    College of Public Affairs and Community Service    College of Visual Arts and Design    Honors College        Administration, faculty and librarians        Campus maps    Archived Catalogs 1995-96 to 2010-11    Catalog .pdf                     My Catalog                     HELP 2015-2016 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]  Environmental Science, MS Print-Friendly Page Add to My Catalog             Environmental Science programThe environmental science program is an interdisciplinary collaboration among the Department of Biological Sciences, the Department of Geography, the Department of Chemistry, the Department of Philosophy and Religion Studies and other departments at UNT to examine major environmental issues through an interdisciplinary perspective. The program offers graduate studies in environmental science that lead to the MS and PhD, granted through the Department of Biological Sciences. The course of study, involving both core and elective courses, is designed for those students who desire an interdisciplinary perspective concerning human\u2013environmental interactions. Visit www.biology.unt.edu or www.ias.unt.edu for more information on the diverse research interests of the environmental science program faculty, including aquatic biology, analytical chemistry, aquatic and terrestrial toxicology, ecology, ecophysiology, limnology, remote sensing and land use analysis, and environmental modeling. Information on degree requirements follows the program descriptions.Environmental Science degreesMaster of Science (MS) with a major in Environmental Science, Option 1 is a 36-hour scholarly research degree that requires 30 hours of organized course work, special problems, and seminars at the 5000 and 6000 levels, plus a 6-hour thesis. Master of Science (MS) with a major in Environmental Science, Option 2 is a non-thesis degree that prepares students interested in environmental science for careers in industry and government. The Professional Science Master\u2019s (PSM) degree option requires 36 semester credit hours (SCH) of organized course work at the 5000 and 6000 levels, including a 3 to 6-hour internship. Candidates are required to complete a curriculum composed of 10 SCH in core environmental science related courses and 12 SCH of elective environmental science courses, and an additional 12 SCH of non-science professional development or \u201cplus\u201d courses selected from a list of courses in business, public administration, communication, philosophy, economics and writing. The course of study is selected with the guidance of a graduate advisory committee. Satisfactory completion of a written comprehensive exit exam is required of all students.Master\u2019s degree requirements and proceduresBiology and Environmental Science programs   The program and specific degree is determined before admission.   During the first long term/semester, the student and major professor select an advisory committee of two other faculty members, one of whom must be from the departmental faculty. The third may be from another UNT department, the Federation of North Texas Area Universities, or another university if the member is granted adjunct status in the department. Additional members may be added to the committee as long as the majority of the committee are faculty in the Department of Biological Sciences. A copy of the form designating the committee should be filed with the graduate advising secretary before the student\u2019s second long term/semester. Students in the MS with a major in biology (Teaching in the Life Sciences) are advised by the Teaching in the Life Sciences Program Selection Committee.   Before registering for the second long term/semester, the student, major professor and advisory committee formulate a degree plan of the courses to be taken by the student, including core course requirements and deficiency work.   The degree plan, signed by all committee members, should be filed with the graduate advising secretary for programs in biology, or with the environmental science program\u2019s graduate advising secretary, before the beginning of the student\u2019s second long term/semester. The degree plan must be approved by the chair of the Department of Biological Sciences before it is forwarded to the Toulouse Graduate School. All course work must be at the 5000 and 6000 levels. Students pursuing the MA or MS may not receive graduate credit for any course below the 4000 level by taking the course under a 5000-level designation, such as special problems. Undergraduate courses, except those which meet with graduate courses, are considered to be deficiencies and are not included in the graduate degree plan hours.   Before registering for the third long term/semester, students on a thesis or problems in lieu of thesis track should submit a formal research proposal to the major professor and advisory committee for approval. Students may not register for thesis (5950) or problems in lieu of thesis (5920/5930) until an approved research proposal is filed with the graduate advising secretary.   After the approved research proposal is filed, the student may register for thesis or problems in lieu of thesis hours. Once registered for thesis, but not problems in lieu of thesis, the student must maintain continuous enrollment in at least 3 hours of 5950 during each long term/semester until the thesis is submitted to the graduate school. Failure to maintain continuous enrollment may invalidate previous thesis credit or result in the student being dismissed from the degree program, unless granted an official leave of absence by the dean of the Toulouse Graduate School. If the student uses university facilities or faculty time or both during one or more summer terms/semesters, the student must also enroll for a minimum of 3 hours of 5950 during the summer.   Following approval by the major professor, a draft of the completed thesis or problems in lieu of thesis must be submitted to the committee at least two weeks prior to its defense and final examination.   A formal public seminar based on the thesis must be presented by the student to the department (students pursuing a problems in lieu of thesis present only to their committee) during the student\u2019s final term/semester. The student must schedule a room for and publicly advertise the seminar and defense through the graduate advising secretary for biology or environmental science.   Directly following the seminar, the student defends the thesis in a final oral examination conducted by the major professor and advisory committee.   Students in the MA 36-hour biology course work option, the environmental science MS non-thesis option II (Professional Science Master\u2019s [PSM]) and the molecular biology MS non-thesis option II (Professional Science Master\u2019s) must take a final comprehensive oral examination given by the advisor/major professor and advisory committee during the final term/semester. Students in the MA problems in lieu of thesis option must take their final examination during presentation of the problems in lieu of thesis to the faculty advisor/major professor and advisory committee in the final term/semester. Students in the MS with a major in biology (Teaching in the Life Sciences) must take a final oral comprehensive examination given by the Teaching in the Life Sciences Advisory Committee during the final term/semester.   The student is responsible for completing all requirements and meeting all deadlines for graduation within the time specified by the graduate school.   A final copy of the student\u2019s thesis or problems in lieu of thesis must be submitted to the Department of Biological Sciences main office, either bound or on disk in .pdf format.       Back to Top | Print-Friendly Page Add to My Catalog               All catalogs © 2017 University of North Texas. Powered by the Acalog\u2122 Academic Catalog Management System\u2122 (ACMS\u2122).   Mobile Site.      
p2
t.