(S'http://catalog.unt.edu/preview_program.php?catoid=14&poid=4189'
p1
V  Program: Environmental Science, PhD - University of North Texas - Acalog ACMS\u2122                      Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.                                                                      Search the UNT web site:              Search the UNT web site  Search the UNT web site:      En Español   MyUNT   EagleConnect   Blackboard   People   Maps   Calendars   Apply Now                                                                        Visit Us                        University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277                             Denton, Texas 76203-5017 [map] | Tour Information                                Email Us                         Freshmen admissions   Transfer admissions   Graduate admissions   International admissions   Housing information                                 Contact Us                        940-565-2000 University Directory   For questions about content in this web site, contact catalog@unt.edu.            Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home                                     University of North Texas                      May 06, 2017         2015-2016 Graduate Catalog        2017-2018 Undergraduate Catalog 2016-2017 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2016-2017 Graduate Catalog 2015-2016 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2015-2016 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]                                                       Catalog Search   Select an option Courses Programs Academic Units Other Content Entire Catalog     Whole Word/Phrase Advanced Search                Catalog Home       Degrees, Certificates, Teacher Certifications    Course Descriptions        The university    2015-2016 Academic calendar    Accreditation    Admission    Academics    Master's degree requirements    Doctoral degree requirements    Enrollment    Financial information    Campus resources    Policies    Contacts at UNT        Degree programs listed by academic unit        Toulouse Graduate School    College of Arts and Sciences    College of Business    College of Education    College of Engineering    College of Information    Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism    College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism    College of Music    College of Public Affairs and Community Service    College of Visual Arts and Design    Honors College        Administration, faculty and librarians        Campus maps    Archived Catalogs 1995-96 to 2010-11    Catalog .pdf                     My Catalog                     HELP 2015-2016 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]  Environmental Science, PhD Print-Friendly Page Add to My Catalog             Environmental Science programThe environmental science program is an interdisciplinary collaboration among the Department of Biological Sciences, the Department of Geography, the Department of Chemistry, the Department of Philosophy and Religion Studies and other departments at UNT to examine major environmental issues through an interdisciplinary perspective. The program offers graduate studies in environmental science that lead to the MS and PhD, granted through the Department of Biological Sciences. The course of study, involving both core and elective courses, is designed for those students who desire an interdisciplinary perspective concerning human\u2013environmental interactions. Visit www.biology.unt.edu or www.ias.unt.edu for more information on the diverse research interests of the environmental science program faculty, including aquatic biology, analytical chemistry, aquatic and terrestrial toxicology, ecology, ecophysiology, limnology, remote sensing and land use analysis, and environmental modeling. Information on degree requirements follows the program descriptions.PhD with a major in Environmental ScienceDoctor of Philosophy with a major in environmental science is  a scholarly research program of 72 hours at the 5000 and 6000 levels  beyond the bachelor's degree or 42 hours beyond the master's degree. The  environmental science PhD is organized into a foundation core and four  thematic core groups. The PhD with a major in environmental science requires:  Foundation Core, 5 hours 12 credit hours from at least three of the core groups 7 organized elective courses (incoming student without a master's degree)  or 4 organized elective courses (incoming student with a previously earned master's degree  in a related field, such as biology, chemistry or environmental science) 12 hours of dissertation research  Organized electives do not include special problems credit hours or  research credit hours and may be selected from the core groups as  electives or from non-core options as agreed upon by the student's  advising committee. The remaining hours are selected from a list of  electives, the number of hours depending on whether the student is in  the 42-hour or 72-hour program.Concentrations under the majorStudents pursuing the PhD with a major in environmental science may elect to complete a concentration in one of the following areas:  Ecology and conservation biology   Geoscience   Human ecology   Toxicology   Doctoral degree requirements and proceduresBiology, Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, and Environmental Science programs   During the second long term/semester, the student and major professor select an advisory committee of four other faculty members, three of whom must be from the department faculty. The fourth may be from another UNT department, the Federation of North Texas Area Universities or another university if the member is granted adjunct status in the department. Additional members may be added to the committee as long as the majority of the committee are faculty in the Department of Biological Sciences. A copy of the form designating the committee should be filed with the graduate advising secretary before the student\u2019s third long term/semester.   Before registering for the third long term/semester, the student, major professor and advisory committee prepare a formal degree plan of the courses to be taken by the student, including the language or tool- subject requirement. The degree plan consists of 42 hours for students with an approved master\u2019s degree, or 72 hours for students having only a bachelor\u2019s degree, including 12 hours of dissertation. Only 6 hours of special problems (6900-6910) may be counted toward the degree. The number of individual research (6940) hours counted toward the degree is determined by the advisor and advisory committee. A copy of the degree plan, signed by all committee members, should be submitted to the graduate advising secretary before the student\u2019s third long term/semester. All course work must be at the 5000 and 6000 levels. Doctoral students may not receive graduate credit for any undergraduate course by taking the course under a 5000- or 6000-level designation, such as special problems. Undergraduate courses, except those which meet with graduate courses, are considered to be deficiencies and are not included in the graduate degree plan hours.   Students must satisfy the university language requirement or, in lieu of a foreign language, students may complete 6 hours of acceptable tool-subject courses specified by the major professor and the advisory committee. Exceptions to this requirement may be made for students whose native language is not English.   Before registering for the fifth long term/semester, a formal research proposal should be submitted to the major professor and advisory committee for approval. Students may not register for dissertation hours (6950) until a research proposal is filed with the graduate advising secretary for programs in biology, biochemistry and molecular biology, and environmental science.   Only following submission and approval of the research proposal may the student begin registering for dissertation hours. Once registered for dissertation, the student must maintain continuous enrollment in at least 3 hours of 6950 during each long term/semester until the dissertation is submitted to the graduate school. Failure to maintain continuous enrollment may invalidate previous 6950 credit or result in the student being dismissed from the degree program, unless granted an official leave of absence by the dean of the Toulouse Graduate School. If the student uses university facilities or faculty time or both during one or both summer terms/semesters, the student must also enroll for a minimum of 3 hours of 6950 during the summer.   Doctoral students may take written and oral candidacy examinations only after completion of all of their degree plan course requirements. Oral examinations may be taken only after the student has passed all written examinations. Both examinations must be completed at least nine months prior to graduation. The manner and form of the written and oral candidacy examinations are determined by the major professor, who is chair of the student\u2019s advisory committee, and the committee members. The student must schedule a room for the examinations through the graduate advising secretary for biology, biochemistry and molecular biology, or environmental science. The committee members should send all written examinations to the graduate advising secretary at least one day prior to the scheduled date of the examination. The examining professor sets guidelines for administration of written examinations.   Following approval by the major professor, a draft of the dissertation must be submitted to the committee at least two weeks prior to the defense of the dissertation and final examination.   A formal seminar based on the dissertation must be presented by the student during the student\u2019s final term/semester. The candidate must schedule a room for and publicly advertise the seminar and defense through the graduate advising secretary for biology, biochemistry and molecular biology, or environmental science.   Directly following the seminar, the candidate defends the dissertation in a final oral examination conducted by the major professor and advisory committee.   The candidate is responsible for completing all requirements and meeting all deadlines for graduation within the time specified by the graduate school.   A final copy of the dissertation must be submitted to the Department of Biological Sciences main office either bound or on disk in .pdf format.       Back to Top | Print-Friendly Page Add to My Catalog               All catalogs © 2017 University of North Texas. Powered by the Acalog\u2122 Academic Catalog Management System\u2122 (ACMS\u2122).   Mobile Site.      
p2
t.