(S'http://www.cob.unt.edu/itds/co-op.php'
p1
V    Information Technology & Decision Sciences « College of Business « UNT                             College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard    UNT College of Business      Departments  Home  College  About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center   Academics  Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program  Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics   Future Students  Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information   Current Students  Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition   Events  Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast   CoB People  CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login     INVEST  How to Invest Give a Gift         University of North Texas College of Business Information Technology & Decision Sciences Contact us    In This Site  ITDS Homepage Welcome from the Chair Advisory Board Links ITDS Corporate Partners Program Department Certifications and Recognitions  Academics  BS in BCIS BBA in Decision Science MS in Business Analytics MBA in Decision Sciences  MBA in Information Technology Ph.D. in BCIS Ph.D. in Managment Science Undergraduate Program FAQ's Graduate Program FAQ's Online Courses Course Descriptions Class Schedules  For Students  ITDS Job Placement  ITDS professor talks about the importance of text analytics at SAS analytics conference Decision Sciences among top paying uncommon degrees IT among top 5 jobs with biggest pay hikes  Microsoft DreamSpark Program (Microsoft Developer Network Academic Alliance) at UNT Scholarships Internships Careers in ITDS Careers in Decision Sciences Student Advising AIS - Association for Information Systems infORMS Student Chapter Tutor Lab Schedules Tutor Employment Application  Our Team  Faculty Staff Ph.D. Students   BCIS 4800/5800 Cooperative Education (Internship)  Policies NOTICE! Although ITDS department encourages its students to acquire internship experience, you may not apply BCIS 4800 or BCIS 5800 credit to your degree plan, except as an elective. You must also meet the course prerequisites (see catalog). You must register for at least one hour of credit in BCIS 4800/5800 during each semester you hold an internship/co-op position. Approval of a BCIS 4800/5800 registration is based on the likelihood that the internships or co-op position is related to your  major, that you will significantly benefit from the experience through the acquisition of productive experience beyond the classroom, and that the employer will actively direct and mentor you. Internships or co-op positions are  not simply a credit-for-work program. To receive credit at your current place of employment, you must verify that you are beginning a new position OR have new/additional duties assigned for the semester you are receiving credit. Verification must be in the form of a letter from a student\u2019s supervisor outlining the new/additional duties. You may not earn internship or co-op credit for work performed previously, commissioned by a home business, supervised directly by a family member, or that requires you to buy materials to start you own business venture. Students are expected to have and exhibit high professional standards and behaviors in completing their internship or co-op, remembering that they not only represent themselves, but also the faculty, staff, students, and administration of the University of North Texas. Potential employers must allow site visits by representatives of the UNT Internships Office to determine suitability. To obtain academic credit, you must be registered for the course no later than the 12th class day in the long term, or the 5th class day in the summer term. Procedures and Requirements BCIS 4800/5800 is a PASS/FAIL course. To successfully PASS the course, you must meet the requirements outlined in the appropriate course syllabus. To obtain information on procedures and requirements, visit http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/internships  International Students     If you are an international student, you must first contact the International Student and Scholar Services office (Sycamore Hall 288) for appropriate instructions.    Contact Information  ITDS Faculty Intern Coordinator      Dr. John Windsor     Business 336     (940) 565-3110 John.Windsor@unt.edu  Intern Coordinator      Corey Davidson     Chestnut Hall Room 103     UNT Career Center     (940) 565-2105 corey.davidson@unt.edu        Physical Address:              University of North Texas             College of Business             1307 West Highland Street             Denton, Texas             76201 Contact the College of Business    Mailing Address:        University of North Texas       College of Business       1155 Union Circle #311160       Denton, TX        76203-5017 Contact the College of Business    This Website:              © 2017 UNT College of Business             For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.                    Disclaimer |            AA/EOE/ADA |            Privacy  |            Web Accessibility |            State of Texas Online |            Emergency Preparedness |            THECB Online Resume System      
p2
t.