(S'http://guides.library.unt.edu/tradingroom'
p1
V       Introduction - Trading Room in the BLB - Guides at University of North Texas                                               Skip to main content         Information for...       Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU    Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login               Home          Guides          Trading Room in the BLB         Introduction               Search this Guide  Search        Trading Room in the BLB: Introduction  The Trading Room in the Business Leadership Building includes Bloomberg terminals. This guide provides the schedule, hours, availability, and getting started.                          Welcome to the College of Business Trading Room information page!                                       Photos courtesy of Joey Macaraeg, UNT College of Business Location: Business Leadership Building (BLB) All students enrolled in COB classes, members of the Student Investment Group, and faculty and doctoral students in the College of Business may utilize the BLB Trading Room and Bloomberg software.  CoB faculty and PHD students may also contact Michelle.Bennett@unt.edu  to schedule usage outside of the general access hours. For schedule, see PDF below.    UNT FIREL Department 940.565.3050 firel@unt.edu    Spring 2017 Trading Room Hours            BLB TRADING ROOM (BLB 106) All students enrolled in College of Business classes may utilize the BLB Trading Room during regularly scheduled hours. SPRING 2017 SCHEDULE Monday, January 23-Thursday, May 4 (closed during / Spring Break March 10-19)    Sunday Noon - 2 p.m.   Monday Noon - 6 p.m.   Tuesday 11 a.m. - 10 p.m.   Wednesday 5 p.m. - 9:30 p.m.   Thursday 11 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.   Friday Closed   Saturday Closed    Food & Beverage Policy ABSOLUTELY NO FOOD OR DRINK OF ANY KIND IS ALLOWED IN THE TRADING ROOM. For complete policies and Bloomberg documentation, see "Getting Started on Bloomberg" (box below)          Getting Started on Bloomberg                                       Trading Room Policies       Trading Room availability and policies for use.    Bloomberg accounts: how to create & use       How to create and use a Bloomberg Account in the Trading Room.            ABOUT THE TRADING ROOM in BLB 106                                      The Mission of the Trading Room is to facilitate finance education and research through experiential learning. The Mission is accomplished by providing a state-of-the-art facility with cutting edge technology. The Trading Room supports the Student Investment Group and the research of faculty and students in the College of Business. The Trading Room is equipped with 11 computer terminals and one lap top computer with Bloomberg Professional access on all 12 computers. The room is equipped with stock tickers with 15 minute delay to actual market trading data. The room is surrounded by stock tickers to allow users to view real market data as it becomes available. Faculty members in the Department of Finance, Insurance, Real Estate and Law and other departments in the College of Business can schedule class meetings and laboratory times in the Trading Room. Faculty members can also request that certain hours in the Trading Lab be restricted to use by their students. By completing the Bloomberg Essentials Online Training Program, students can earn an Acknowledgment in Equities, Fixed Income, Foreign Exchange, and/or Commodities. From Noon to 2 p.m. on Sundays, the Trading Room will be restricted to persons who are seeking the Bloomberg Acknowledgement. Terminals will be available on a \u201cfirst come, first served\u201d basis during this time. Activity in the room will be limited to ensure that those studying and testing for the Bloomberg Acknowledgment have a quiet place to study and take the exams. "The College of Business appreciates the support by the Libraries in enabling the College of Business and the FIREL Department to enhance the tools and information available to our students. We are delighted to add Bloomberg to that 'tool box' and to be able to share it with our colleagues." -- Dr. Marcia Staff, Chair, Department of FIREL.           About Bloomberg Professional                                      Bloomberg Professional is utilized by political and economic leaders for up-to-the-minute information. Bloomberg Professional is a service that allows users to monitor and analyze real-time financial market data and trades. The system is a secure, proprietary network that provides information from over 129 countries and 250 exchanges. Bloomberg also provides \u201creal time\u201d access to an amazing variety of news and information sources from around the globe. For more information about Bloomberg's financial services, please view this web site: http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/. For today's market news: see the Bloomberg.com site. Bloomberg Businessweek. Bloomberg Guide: learn how to use the Bloomberg Professional service (designed by Peter Z. McKay at the University of Florida).                        Last Updated: May 3, 2017 7:37 AM   URL: http://guides.library.unt.edu/tradingroom    Print Page    Login to LibApps       Subjects:  Business, Company Research, Finance, Financial Ratios, Industry Research, International Business   Tags:  blb, bloomberg, business leadership building, subjectguide, trading room                       Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                   
p2
t.