(S'http://www.cob.unt.edu/news/view.php?/2012/02/21/unt-charters-texas-largest-chapter-of-gamma-iota-sigma'
p1
V    UNT Charters Texas' Largest Chapter of Gamma Iota Sigma « College of Business « UNT                            College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard    UNT College of Business      Departments  Home  College  About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center   Academics  Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program  Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics   Future Students  Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information   Current Students  Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition   Events  Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast   CoB People  CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login     INVEST  How to Invest Give a Gift     In This Section...  Recent News   Real world experience, times two Texas ranch helping trauma survivors gets help from UNT class FEI job shadowing program gives students inside perspective Westheimer New Venture Competition Awards Top Team $10,000 Grant Thornton taps UNT doctoral student for first fellowship and $40,000 award International Conference on Entrepreneurship & Family Business 2018   College of Business News  UNT Charters Texas' Largest Chapter of Gamma Iota Sigma  The University of North Texas Risk Management and Insurance Program became home to the largest Gamma Iota Sigma (GIS) chapter in Texas when the Beta Zeta Chapter was chartered and 67 members were inducted Saturday, February 18, 2012.  Gamma Iota Sigma is the International Risk Management, Insurance and Actuarial Science Collegiate Fraternity.     The chartering and conferment were the culmination of years of work by students and faculty and a rigorous review of the application by the national organization.  The UNT chapter is the 54th chapter of Gamma Iota Sigma.    \u201cThe installation of this chapter marks the success of more than 60 years of risk management and insurance education at the University of North Texas,\u201d said Marcia J. Staff, Chair of the Department of Finance, Insurance, Real Estate and Law at UNT.  UNT has been teaching the discipline of risk management and insurance since 1949 when the School of Business Administration was first created.    Among those initiated were the chapter officers:  Jin Na, President; Erika Villavicencio, Secretary; Ian Michaud, Treasurer; Amelia Bourassa, Vice President Public Relations; Walter Filmore IV, Vice President Alumni Relations; Charles Taylor, Vice President Student Organizations Liaison; and Megan Villegas, Vice President Communications and Webmaster.    Faculty Advisor is Debra Richardson, CPCU, CIC, CRM, Lecturer in Risk Management and Insurance.    \u201cThe Risk Management and Insurance program at UNT continues to be an emerging area of excellence and growth for the College.  The establishment of GIS on this campus not only reinforces our commitment to scholastic achievement, but it also provides our students with meaningful opportunities to network with professionals in their field,\u201d said Finley Graves, Dean of the College of Business.    More than 150 people attended the installation ceremony in the foyer of the new Business Leadership Building.  Attendees included alumni, and industry representatives as well as students and faculty from GIS Chapters at Temple University, the University of Central Oklahoma and the University of Central Arkansas.    The chapter chartering and conferment were made possible by a grant from the Dallas-Fort Worth Chapter of RIMS Risk Management Society.     \u201cWe are so delighted to be part of this milestone for the program at the UNT,\u201d said Ronna Schmoker, President of DFW RIMS, \u201cOur partnership with the UNT program brings great benefits to all of us.\u201d Schmoker also recognized students who received support from RIMS. During the past three years, students Jo Watson, Jin Na, Esequiel Nathal and Dominic Nguyen have been awarded the prestigious Spencer Education Foundation scholarships. In addition, RIMS and the DFW RIMS Chapter provide grants for students to attend the RIMS International Conference each year.    Installation of the chapter was highlighted on page 80 of  the February 2012 issue of Best\u2019s Review of Insurance available at http://viewer.zmags.com/publication/57f498e8#/57f498e8/1.    The purpose of GIS is to promote, encourage, and sustain student interest in insurance, risk management, and actuarial science as professions. Gamma Iota Sigma encourages high moral and scholarship attainment and facilitates the interaction and cooperation of educational institutions, industry, and professional organizations by fostering research, scholarship, and improved public relations.    For more information, contact Debra Richardson at Debra.Richardson@unt.edu.      This item is tagged with: firel Event is in the month of February, 2012.       Physical Address:              University of North Texas             College of Business             1307 West Highland Street             Denton, Texas             76201 Contact the College of Business    Mailing Address:        University of North Texas       College of Business       1155 Union Circle #311160       Denton, TX        76203-5017 Contact the College of Business    This Website:              © 2017 UNT College of Business             For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.                    Disclaimer |            AA/EOE/ADA |            Privacy  |            Web Accessibility |            State of Texas Online |            Emergency Preparedness |            THECB Online Resume System      
p2
t.