(S'http://www.cob.unt.edu/news/view.php?/2014/02/07/students-reactivate-unt-financial-management-association-(c-steven-cole-chapter)'
p1
V    Students Reactivate UNT Financial Management Association (C. Steven Cole Chapter) « College of Business « UNT                            College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard    UNT College of Business      Departments  Home  College  About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center   Academics  Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program  Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics   Future Students  Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information   Current Students  Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition   Events  Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast   CoB People  CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login     INVEST  How to Invest Give a Gift     In This Section...  Recent News   Real world experience, times two Texas ranch helping trauma survivors gets help from UNT class FEI job shadowing program gives students inside perspective Westheimer New Venture Competition Awards Top Team $10,000 Grant Thornton taps UNT doctoral student for first fellowship and $40,000 award International Conference on Entrepreneurship & Family Business 2018   College of Business News  Students Reactivate UNT Financial Management Association (C. Steven Cole Chapter)  The kickoff meeting for the reactivation of the Financial Management Association (FMA) Student Chapter at UNT on February 5 featured testimonials from alumni and faculty and attracted a crowd of more than 20 potential members.     Dr. Steve Cole, former professor of finance, was the original sponsor for the chapter when it was chartered on February 2, 1988 and led the chapter for many years.  One of his plans for 2014 was to reactivate the chapter.    After Dr. Cole died in a tragic car accident in March 2013, a group of colleagues decided that the best way to honor Dr. Cole was to reactivate the chapter and name it after him.    Faculty in the Department of Finance, Insurance, Real Estate and Law, led by Lisa McDaniel, lecturer in Finance, along with FIREL Advisory Board members Lance Lair and Dave Heacock (both UNT alumni) spearheaded the reactivation of the chapter.    Lance Lair, Senior Vice President of First Bank, welcomed prospective members to the Student FMA  and announced the naming of the chapter in honor of Dr. Cole.  Lair shared memories of his years at UNT and his years as active member of the UNT Student FMA Chapter.  He also noted the benefits he had received from his association with the student FMA chapter including networking, leadership opportunities, information about careers in finance and working with other Student FMA Chapters.    The current president of the chapter is Lalima Nemade.  Faculty sponsor is Lisa McDaniel.    All students interested in finance are encouraged to join the UNT chapter of the FMA.  Applications are also being accepted for officers for the spring semester. Officers will be appointed and will be eligible to attend the Student FMA Leadership Conference in Chicago in March.    \u201cDr. Cole worked tirelessly for the FMA Student Chapter and considered his work with the chapter to be among the most important things he could do for students,\u201d said Marcia J. Staff, chair of the Department of Finance, Insurance, Real Estate and Law. \u201cWe agree and are delighted that a new generation of students will now benefit from Dr. Cole\u2019s legacy.\u201d    Interested students should contact LalimaNemade@my.unt.edu or Lisa.McDaniel@unt.edu.    For more information contact Marcia J. Staff at Marcia.Staff@unt.edu.           This item is tagged with: firel Event is in the month of February, 2014.       Physical Address:              University of North Texas             College of Business             1307 West Highland Street             Denton, Texas             76201 Contact the College of Business    Mailing Address:        University of North Texas       College of Business       1155 Union Circle #311160       Denton, TX        76203-5017 Contact the College of Business    This Website:              © 2017 UNT College of Business             For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.                    Disclaimer |            AA/EOE/ADA |            Privacy  |            Web Accessibility |            State of Texas Online |            Emergency Preparedness |            THECB Online Resume System      
p2
t.