(S'http://www.coe.unt.edu/teacher-education-and-administration/graduate-programs/graduate-assistantships'
p1
V      Graduate Assistantships | UNT College of Education                   Skip to Main Content Area           MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT        AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan  Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms  Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs  Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office  DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center  PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students  Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE            Search this site:                                   AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan  Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms  Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs  Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office  DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center  PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students  Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE                About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan  Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms  Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs  Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office  Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center  People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students  Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE                       College of Education \u203a Teacher Education and Administration \u203a Graduate Programs \u203a Graduate Assistantships       Graduate Assistantships     The Department of Teacher Education and Administration provides graduate assistantships on a competitive basis to full-time doctoral students. To qualify, students must be enrolled in a minimum or nine semester credit hours during the term they hold an appointment. Their assigned duties for a semester require twenty hours of work per week, which in most cases means teaching two undergraduate classes. However, some graduate assistants serve as teaching assistants or research assistants for faculty. Since graduate assistants are full time at the university (half for their coursework and half for their assistantship responsibilities), they cannot be employed elsewhere. The current pay scale is $7,540 per fall or spring semester ($15,080 per academic year) for assistants who are taking courses in their program. With written approval, the minimum number of hours for course load is reduced to three semester hours for students who have filed an approved degree plan, have completed all course work, have passed their qualifying examinations or papers, and are registered for the dissertation. The current pay scale for these dissertation writing students is $8,671 per fall or spring semester ($17,342 per academic year). To be eligible for this pay scale, students must pass their exams or papers prior to the fall semester. Assistants who hold a full appointment of 20 hours a week are eligible to participate in the university\u2019s group insurance program. Graduate assistantships continue until graduation if students maintain high performance in their academics and their teaching and/or research responsibilities, and make satisfactory performance toward the completion of their degree. If you would like to apply for an assistantship, please fill out the attached form and send it along with your curriculum vitae by April 1(for the fall semester, or November 1(for the spring semester). For more information, contact Dr. Janelle Mathis (Janelle.Mathis@unt.edu).  AttachmentSize   Graduate Assistant Application28.5 KB      Back to Graduate Programs     Department of Teacher Education and Administration                              Contact Information College of Education    Matthews Hall, Room 214    1300 West Highland Street    Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education     Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.         UNT System  UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas     Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online         Go to Secure Login Page                  
p2
t.