(S'http://parenteducation.unt.edu/recognition-system'
p1
V     Recognition System | Office of Family Science Education, Research and Policy                     Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                       Menu   About Us   Advisory Board   Affiliated Faculty   Career Development   Conferences   Core Knowledge, Attitudes, and Skills   NPEN   Office of Family Science   Partners   Practicum, Internship, and Volunteer Opportunities   PTE Connect   Recognition SystemOutline Participation Contact Us Criteria Education Worksheet Application Form    Research and Evaluation Symposium Resources   ROPER   Texas Association of Parent Educators   Texas HIPPY   Online Learning   Reports   Resources   Parent Education Brochures: Age-specific Advice for Parents    Follow us!      User login    Username: *    Password: *               HomeRecognition System       The Texas Association of Parent Educators works in conjunction with the University of North Texas Center for Parent Education. The purpose of the Professional Development Recognition System is to allow interested parent educators and other professionals who  work with families to enter the field of parent education from varying  educational backgrounds and experiences, as well as to provide an avenue  for professional development and mobility. Learn more about our Recognition System:   Program outline and benefits  How do I participate?  Who can I contact for more information?    Outline Participation Contact Us Criteria Education Worksheet Application Form   Outline \u203a                    Contact Us:      Office of Family Science Education, Research and Policy     1155 Union Circle #311335  Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: 888-662-7457; 940-369-7246    Visit Us: Matthews Hall, Rm. 322-J  http://parenteducation.unt.edu/              Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. parenting@unt.edu     Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? COEWeb@unt.edu               UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on April 5, 2016  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness               
p2
t.