(S'http://www.cse.unt.edu/site/node/687'
p1
V   CSE recognizes Outstanding Students in 2015-2016 | Computer Science and Engineering                       CloseWe have launched a new CSE website. Please visit us here: http://computerscience.engineering.unt.edu        Computer Science and Engineering  About Us Contact Us College of Engineering               Navigation   CSE Chair's Message People Research Education K-12 CS Teacher Preparation Advising Organizations Outreach News Media Gallery Links Scholarships Faculty Positions     Syndicate             B.S. in Computer Science accredited since 1986  B.S. in Computer Engineering accredited since 2008  B.A. in Information Technology accredited since 2012       Home CSE recognizes Outstanding Students in 2015-2016   The Department of Computer Science and Engineering recognized our Outstanding CSE Students at an awards lunch held at the University Student Union on May 3, 2016. The following students were recognized:  UNT Inaugural Golden Eagle Award Natalie Parde Scholarship for Women Studying Information Security Dralia Tulley-Patton Three Minute Thesis Competition Garima Bajwa \u2013 Top 8 in National Contest Rajasekhar Ganduri \u2013 People\u2019s Choice CRA-W Graduate Cohort Natalie Parde Andreea Godea Nishitha Guntakandla Parisa Kaghazgaran Shuwen Liang Zahra Sarabi Alakananda Vempala Junfei Xie Outstanding TF and TA Jagannadh Vempati \u2013 Teaching Assistant Joseph Helsing \u2013 Teaching Fellow Outstanding CSE Student Awards Katie Ouellette - Freshman Jonathan Roosa - Sophomore Zachary Simpson - Junior in Computer Engineering Jacob White - Junior in Computer Science Matthew Holladay - Junior in Information Technology Thomas Kanabay - Senior in Computer Engineering Daniel Jarvis - Senior in Computer Science Michele Hindman - Senior in Information Technology Nagaraju Mukka - Master's Student in Computer Engineering Rajendar Mudam - Master's Student in Computer Science Garima Bajwa - Doctoral Student To read more about these outstanding students, see this CSE Student Newsletter article. Outstanding CSE Students Nominated Aaron Arthur - Freshman Benjamin Sivoravong - Freshman Scarlett Jones - Sophomore Nathan Cramer - Sophomore Dralia Tulley-Patton - Junior in Computer Science Jeffrey Dunning - Senior in Computer Science Viivi Raina - Senior in Computer Science Anthony Ronning - Senior in Computer Science Samir Koppikar - Master's Student in Computer Science Ehsam Hesamifard - Doctoral Student Shital Joshi - Doctoral Student Ryan Michaels - Teaching Fellow Shanti Thiyagaraja - Teaching Fellow  Congratulations to these CSE Students!           Dr. Bryant welcomed CSE students and faculty to the Awards Luncheon.            Dr. Rodney Nielsen presented Natalie Parde with the UNT Inaugural Golden Eagle Award.            Dr. Hassan Takabi recognized Dralia Tulley-Patton for receiving the Scholarship for Women Studying Information Security.       Dr. Robert Akl recognized Rajasekhar Ganduri for winning the People\u2019s Choice award for the Three Minute Thesis Competition for M.S. Students.      Dr. Yan Huang announced the CRA-W Graduate Cohort. (L-R) Zahra Sarabi, Andreea Godea, Nishitha Guntakandla, Parisa Kaghazgaran, Dr. Huang, Natalie Parde, Shuwen Liang, Alakananda Vempala.      Joseph Helsing receives the Outstanding Teaching Fellow award from Dr. Armin Mikler.       Dr. Mikler presents the Outstanding Teaching Assistant award to Jagannadh Vempati.      Dr. Xiaohui Yuan presents the Outstanding Junior in Computer Science award to Jacob White.      Outstanding Senior in Computer Engineering: Thomas Kanabay       Outstanding Senior in Computer Engineering: Daniel Jarvis      Outstanding Master\u2019s Student in Computer Engineering: Nagaraju Mukka      Outstanding Doctoral Student: Garima Bajwa       Dr. Saraju Mohanty presents Dralia Tulley-Patton with her award for being nominated for the Outstanding Junior in Computer Science.      Samir Koppikar was nominated for Outstanding Master\u2019s Student in Computer Science.      Ehsam Hesamifard was nominated for Outstanding Doctoral Student.       Ryan Michaels was nominated for Outstanding Teaching Fellow.      Shanti Thiyagaraja was nominated for Outstanding Teaching Fellow.      Network Security Lab (L-R) Jagannadh Vempati, Garima Bajwa, Dr. Ram Dantu, Shanti Thiyagaraja, Rajasekhar Ganduri       Human Intelligence and Language Technologies (Hilt) Lab (L-R) Dr. Eduardo Blanco, Dralia Tulley-Patton, Daniel Jarvis, Dr. Rodney Nielsen, Natalie Parde, Nishitha Guntakandla, Andreea Godea, Alakananda Vempala, Zahra Sarabi      Information Security and Privacy: Interdisciplinary Research and Education (INSPIRE) Lab (L-R) Samir Koppikar, Dralia Tulley-Patton, Dr. Hassan Takabi, Ehsam Hesamifard, Parisa Kaghazgaran.                                                                                                                          Photos taken by Genene Murphy         Copyright © 2016 CSE UNT. All rights reserved.  This site is maintained by Don Retzlaff donr{at}unt.edu, CSE Webmaster. Site last updated on April 26th 2017University of North Texas   UNT College of Engineering           
p2
t.