(S'http://news.unt.edu/news-releases/four-unt-tams-students-named-2016-goldwater-scholars'
p1
V     Four UNT TAMS students named 2016 Goldwater Scholars | News| University of North Texas                                          Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT          News          News by TopicArts & Music Business Education Engineering General News Humanities Public Service Research Science Social Science TAMS   Image Gallery Video Gallery Our Experts Contact Us Send your stories                   Four UNT TAMS students named 2016 Goldwater Scholars    Monday, April 18, 2016 - 10:39    Submitted by Eric Vandergriff on Mon, 04/18/2016 - 10:40am         Category: TAMS    DENTON (UNT), Texas -- Four students from the Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science at the University of North Texas have been named 2016 Goldwater Scholars. UNT leads Texas universities in the number of Goldwater Scholars in math, science and engineering with a total of 59 scholars named since 1996. The 2016 Goldwater Scholars are:  Emily Hu, who used quantum mechanical methods to study the fundamental chemical properties of molecules having applications that range from microelectronics to mineral processing. She also determined the most suitable computational methods that can be used to study nickel silicide and related molecules with greater accuracy. Hu worked with former UNT Regents Professor Angela Wilson. Anagha Krishnan, who is working on next-generation superconductor-based phonic crystals in controlling light and sound waves. Her research with polymeric crystals stands to improve biomedical imaging and enhance sonar evasion by submarines. Krishnan worked with UNT Professor Arup Neogi. Sachit Menon, who investigated neuronal primary cilia and discerned a previously overlooked relationship between two proteins that can explain the fact that having an epileptic seizure increases susceptibility to further epileptic seizures. Menon worked with UNT Professor Jannon Fuchs. Tony Liu, who developed and modeled, with the finite-element method, a graphene-based micromanipulator that has significance for conducting research on micro-devices and biological cells in such areas as microelectronics, molecular biology and nanotechnology. Liu worked with UNT Professor Zhenhai Xia.  Goldwater awards are considered to be among the country's most prestigious scholarships awarded to students planning careers in mathematics, science and engineering. All college sophomores and juniors are eligible to compete for the scholarships, which will provide a maximum of $7,500 each year for one or two years to cover tuition, fees, books and room and board. Universities may nominate up to four students for the award, and students are chosen on the basis of their scientific research, grade point averages and other achievements. About TAMS UNT's Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science is the nation's first accelerated residential program for gifted high schoolers, allowing them to come to UNT to start their first two years of college early. Mentored by faculty at UNT, TAMS students tackle complex, real-world problems, working on solutions and breakthroughs in fields ranging from healthcare to energy consumption. TAMS is an important pipeline for STEM education, nurturing the next generation of innovators, and the program is one of the many ways UNT advances science, engineering and technology.    UNT News Service Phone Number: (940) 565-2108                      Follow us                   Visit Us       University Service Building    2310 N. I-35E  Denton, TX 76205                Mail Us   University of North Texas      1155 Union Circle #311070               Denton, Texas                76203-5017           Contact Us 940-565-2000 news_service@unt.edu                  Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home           
p2
t.