(S'http://news.unt.edu/news-releases/unt-college-music-student-wins-ascap-morton-gould-young-composer-award'
p1
V     UNT College of Music student wins ASCAP Morton Gould Young Composer award | News| University of North Texas                                          Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT          News          News by TopicArts & Music Business Education Engineering General News Humanities Public Service Research Science Social Science TAMS   Image Gallery Video Gallery Our Experts Contact Us Send your stories                   UNT College of Music student wins ASCAP Morton Gould Young Composer award   Ermir Bejo has won the prestigious ASCAP Morton Gould Young Composer award. Photo by Stephen Lucas.       download image          Monday, April 18, 2016 - 10:29    Submitted by Eric Vandergriff on Mon, 04/18/2016 - 10:31am         Category: Arts and Music    DENTON (UNT), Texas -- Ermir Bejo, University of North Texas College of Music doctoral student, has won the prestigious ASCAP Morton Gould Young Composer award. The award honors the late Pulitzer Prize-winning composer and former ASCAP Foundation President Morton Gould's lifelong commitment to encouraging young creators. "The composition faculty is absolutely thrilled that Ermir has earned this honor \u2013 one of the top two honors in our field for composers under 30," said Joseph Klein, chair of composition studies. "Every year, hundreds of composers apply for these awards, of which only about 2 percent receive prizes. Past recipients of this award have gone on to win Pulitzer Prizes, attain composer residencies with major symphony orchestras and hold prestigious professorships at some of the top universities in the country." Bejo was selected as one of 15 winners from more than 700 submissions for his composition "Opus 4" for solo piano. "I am very pleased and proud to have been chosen as a winner," Bejo said. "In the very competitive musical world, the award provides a much needed exposure to audiences who might have been previously unfamiliar with my work." Open to composers of original, classical concert music, the awards encourage developing music creators during the earliest stages of their careers. Klein says it is no surprise that Bejo is a recipient. "Ermir is voracious in his appetite for contemporary music and is not only an outstanding composer but a very promising academic," Klein said. "He thinks very deeply about all aspects of music and how it relates in the larger context of art \u2013 both visual and literary \u2013 culture and society. He is also absolutely meticulous in his work and sets the highest standards for himself." As a winner of the award, Bejo received a cash prize and audio recording software. About the UNT College of Music The College of Music is one of the largest and most respected comprehensive music schools in the world. Approximately 1,500 music students attend the college each year, participating in nearly 70 widely varied ensembles while engaged in specialized studies in performance, composition, conducting, jazz studies, music education, music history, music theory or ethnomusicology. Music students, alumni and faculty have made appearances on the world's finest stages, have produced numerous recordings with many receiving Grammy awards and nominations, and have written influential texts in a variety of areas in music scholarship. Distinguished University alumni can be found around the globe in top music ensembles, opera companies, universities, and schools.    UNT News Service Phone Number: (940) 565-2108              Contact:         (940) 369-7912            Email:        courtney.taylor@unt.edu                        Follow us                   Visit Us       University Service Building    2310 N. I-35E  Denton, TX 76205                Mail Us   University of North Texas      1155 Union Circle #311070               Denton, Texas                76203-5017           Contact Us 940-565-2000 news_service@unt.edu                  Site last updated on May 5, 2017 Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home           
p2
t.