(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/undergraduate-advising'
p1
V     Undergraduate Advising | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Advising Advising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty    vertical cta Talk to an Advisor Apply Now Undergraduate Apply Now Graduate        HomeUndergraduate Advising    Degree Plans All undergraduate students should contact their departmental advisor for assistance in building their own unique degree plan. Advisors can ensure that each student receives detailed information regarding requirements and expectations for their respective degree and education path. Students can discuss their degree plan with a MEE faculty advisor. Examples of recommended curriculum and degree plans:  MEE Degree Plan (.pdf) MEE Curriculum Flowchart (.ppt) Required MEE courses MEE advising policy (.pdf) MEE Elective Courses (.pdf)  Undergraduate Academic Guidebook  Undergraduate Academic Guidebook 2016-2017 (.pdf)  Grad Track (BS/MS Accelerated Program) The MEE department also offers a Grad Track program, a BS/MS accelerated program for MEE undergraduate students. The student can take a maximum of nine (9) credit hours of graduate courses while the student is completing the BS degree. These credits will be counted towards both the BS and MS degree. > Learn more about the Grad Track program.  Other Undergraduate Resources The College of Engineering Advising office also includes advisors and counselors who assist students through support activities such as:  New Student Orientations Assistance with registration issues Choosing a major and/or minor Clarification of degree requirements Completion and final approval of degree audits Clarification of university and college policies and procedures Referrals for university services such as tutoring and mentoring, financial aid and scholarships, disability accommodation, job-hunting and co-op education Preparing degree audits Filing for graduation  > Schedule an appointment with a College of Engineering advisor              Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.