(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/graduate-advising'
p1
V     Graduate Advising | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Advising Advising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty    vertical cta Talk to an Advisor Apply Now Undergraduate Apply Now Graduate        HomeGraduate Advising    M.S. Advising M.S. students that choose the thesis option are expected to join a research group no later than the end of their first semester in the program. (TA/RA recipients are required to choose the thesis option.) Non-thesis students are also encouraged to find their research advisors before the end of their first year in the program.  All M.S. students need to prepare a degree plan based on the department\u2019s degree requirements and seek approval from the department and the college no later than the end of their second semester in the program. Ph.D. Advising  A student in the Ph.D. program will have an advisor from the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering.  A student's graduate program will be constructed with the advice and consent of the advisor.  Ph.D. students must join a research group no later than the end of their first semester in the program, regardless of the source of funding.  Ph.D. students must also prepare a degree plan and seek approval from the department and the college no later than the end of their second semester in the program.  Ph.D. Thesis Committee For information about the structure of the Ph.D. Thesis Committee, please contact the Graduate Advisor. For the MEEN Department, Dr. Choi is the Graduate Advisor and can be emailed at Tae-Youl.Choi@unt.edu.  Other Graduate Resources The Toulouse Graduate School also offers services for graduate students of all disciplines. To contact the the Toulouse Graduate School, call +1 (940) 565-2383. The UNT Catalog offers information regarding required and suggested classes for both M.S. and Ph.D. degrees. In the catalog, you can find lists of courses, course descriptions, academic requirements and helpful resources. M.S. degree requirements Ph.D. degree requirements             Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.