(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/advising-code'
p1
V     Advising Code | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Advising Advising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty    vertical cta Talk to an Advisor Apply Now Undergraduate Apply Now Graduate        HomeAdvising Code    You might find that you need an advising code to register for your courses. Please read and follow the instructions below depending on the reason the advising code is needed. Alert, Probation, or Suspension Status: You are required to meet with a College of Engineering advisor in person to get your code. You can schedule an appointment by contacting one of the colleges advisors. Contact College of Engineering advisors by clicking here or call +1 (940) 565-4201. Orientation: If you are a new, transfer, or transient student, you will need to attend new student orientation in order to get your code. Click here for more information about orientation, or call +1 (940) 565-4198. Keep in mind, there are other reasons you might need an advising code that are not listed. If you are having issues, contact the College of Engineering advisors by clicking here or call +1 (940) 565-4201.             Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.