(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/jobs-and-finances'
p1
V     Jobs and Finances | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Advising Advising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty    vertical cta Talk to an Advisor Apply Now Undergraduate Apply Now Graduate        HomeJobs and Finances    Mechanical and Energy Engineering Career and Internship Assistance UNT offers about 36,000 students many opportunities on campus and beyond. The Dallas-Fort Worth region is growing dynamically, which makes for a continually increasing number of employment and partnership opportunities. Students can find assistance with locating career openings, student employment, internships and financial assistance through the UNT Career Center. About 20,000 students and more than 1,000 alumni use the Career Center each year as they seek career advice and employment, utilizing the center\u2019s connections of more than 3,000 on-campus and 8,000 off-campus jobs, posted annually. Students can also seek information about available internship and career options by speaking with their academic advisors or faculty mentors. These faculty and staff members can often provide insight into industry-specific opportunities. Financial Advising MEE Graduate advisor can discuss financial aid and assistantship options with you. The Student Financial Aid and Scholarships office also offers many resources to help students better understand their financial options. Visit Student Financial Aid & Scholarships in the Eagle Student Services Center, Room 228, or call (940) 565-2302 to speak with one of their representatives. Have a specific question? Visit AskUNT to find answers. Financial Aid The University of North Texas provides a traditional college experience and the quality of a private university at an affordable cost. The university has been named one of America's 100 Best College Buys® for 16 consecutive years. UNT is committed to helping students manage the cost of their education. About 75 percent of UNT students receive financial aid and scholarships totaling more than $330 million annually. This includes more than $39 million in scholarships. Types of financial aid students receive include:  Graduate Assistantships (TA/TF/RA) \u2014 funds awarded based on merit and/or need; no repayment required Scholarships \u2014 funds awarded based on merit and/or need; no repayment required Grants \u2014 funds awarded based on need; no repayment required Loans \u2014 funds that must be repaid at some point  Assistantships Assistantships support many graduate students. Teaching assistantships are funded by the department, and research assistantships are funded by individual faculty research grants. Out-of-state and international students who are funded at least half time are eligible for in-state tuition rates. To apply for an assistantship, complete the application and bring to the MEE main office at F101 at Discovery Park: Graduate Application for TA/TF/RA (.pdf) Types of Assistantships  Teaching Fellow (TF): Teaching fellows have direct student contact in a formal instructional setting and are charged with primary responsibility for teaching a course for credit under the direct supervision of a faculty member or chair, receiving regular in-service training and planned and periodic evaluations. Teaching fellows are listed as the instructor of record. Teaching Assistant (TA): Teaching assistants are graduate students who do not have primary responsibility for teaching a course for credit; they perform under the instructor\u2019s direct supervision and provide general assistance to the instructional process, such as grading, tutoring, etc. Teaching assistants may not be listed as instructor of record. Research Assistant (RA): Research assistants are graduate students who are engaged in research activities under the direction and supervision of a principal investigator or faculty working on research. Graduate Services Assistant (GSA): Graduate assistants are graduate students whose responsibilities may be administrative in nature or consist of other activities that do not generally fit within the TF, TA or RA job responsibilities.  Graders A Grader at the University of North Texas Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering is tasked with gathering, grading and returning class work for an assigned class within a timely and efficient manner. This job includes grading, inputting, and writing notations on student assignments. In addition to other duties assigned by the professor related to coursework tasks.  To apply for a Grader Position with the MEE Department please click here. To review the process for applying for a grader position please look over this form: Grader Application Process (.pdf)             Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.