(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/undergraduate-studies'
p1
V     Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Home         Expanding Research  With UNT\u2019s vision to become a major research university comes a first-rate education for its students.             Undergraduate  Undergraduate Undergraduate Admissions International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedule Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist     Quick Facts  MEE Department   Nation's first Mechanical and Energy Engineering Dept. Began in 2007 with 77 students 354% enrollment increase over the past 5 years Current undergraduate enrollment: 602 Current Masters enrollment: 45 Current Ph.D. enrollement: 8 International enrollment: 61 Faculty count: 14 Avg. class size: 36 Avg. lab class size: 37 Degrees offered: 3 # of B.S. degrees awarded: 80 (AY2013-14) Avg. SAT/ACT score: 1127/25 Avg. external funding: $1,350,000 # of facilities: 12   UNT   Nation's 26th largest public university Total enrollment: about 36,000 Countries represented: 136 States represented: 49   DFW   Nation's second largest technology corridor Nation's 4th largest metropolitan area  Home to many of the nation\u2019s fastest growing cities         Undergraduate Studies in Mechanical and Energy Engineering             The mechanical and energy engineering undergraduate program is an ABET accredited program and allows future engineers to gain in-dept knowledge about the mechanical engineering and energy studies from reowned experts. Students perform cutting-edge student research in exceptional facilities and work with industry leaders on real-world projects. The department offers enriching activities beyond the classroom as well, including student organizations and competitions that allow students to stretch their creativity and skills while having fun with friends.          Talk to an Advisor Apply Now Undergraduate Apply Now Graduate     Undergraduate Studies        What will I learn here? UNT's Mechanical and Energy Engineering program is similar to a traditional Mechanical Engineering curriculum, however UNT's curriculum focuses on several energy related courses that target natural energy applications and materials.  The Mechanical and Energy Engineering department offers class sizes averaging 50 students, with labs ranging between 15 to 20 students. This allows students to have a more personal working relationship with faculty and classmates with opportunities for collaboration.   Within their first year, students take basic fundamental courses in Math and Science. These courses will lay the foundation for the advanced level classes of the students\u2019 choice. Students will focus on the following areas of study:  Thermal science, fluid flow and energy Mechanics and materials Dynamics, design and controls Environmental impact of energy production and use Entrepreneurship  In their final year, seniors will participate in a Capstone Senior Design project that allows them to solve real-world issues, making meaningful contributions to an existing local business. The mechanical and energy engineering program also teaches students to be responsible industry leaders by giving them a global understanding of the environmental, ethical and societal impacts of the technologies they help develop. MEE Degree Plan (.pdf) MEE Cirriculum Flowchart (.ppt) > Learn more about why you should study engineering at UNT   Explore Classes Current Class Schedule All MEE courses Required Undergraduate Courses                      Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.