(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/senior-design-2'
p1
V     Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Home           Senior Design Bike Helmet   Bike Helmet team from 2015 Senior Design             Senior Design  Overview Timeline for Senior Design MEE Senior Design Projects Information for Students Information for Sponsors Poster Guidelines         Senior Design Senior Design is the capstone undergraduate design project of the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering. Seniors are able to apply their knowledge and showcase their abilities through the completion of challenging, real-world design problems. The program is made up of a two-semester course sequence.  Students apply what they have learned in the classroom to develop a solution to a real-world issue, taking on roles as designers, testers and project managers. Employer sponsors, or local industry leaders, act as their clients and provide feedback throughout the project. What will I do in Senior Design? Senior Design students will divide into teams of four to six, research and select an issue, then design a project. Throughout the process teams will work closely with a faculty advisor to ensure that their projects yield high quality results. Meetings also take place periodically for information gathering, progress reviews and design presentations. In Design II, student ideas are brought to life by prototype construction, testing and final analysis. Senior Design culminates with Design Day, a college-wide event where teams from each engineering department present projects to engineering faculty members and industry leaders.                 Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.