(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/graduation-checklist-undergraduate-studies'
p1
V     Graduation Checklist | Undergraduate Studies | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Undergraduate Undergraduate Undergraduate Admissions International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedule Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist        Home » Advising » UndergraduateGraduation Checklist | Undergraduate Studies    Step 1: Talk to your advisor Before you register for your final classes, schedule an appointment with an academic advisor to review an updated copy of your degree audit. Step 2: Apply for graduation At the beginning of the semester you plan to graduate, you must apply for graduation by the deadline. Any applications received after the deadline will be subject to a late fee. Step 3: Submit your paperwork Submit application cards, surveys, fee receipt, and unofficial UNT transcript to the College of Engineering Undergraduate Advising Office in Discovery Park C104. GPA requirements Other GPA requirements besides the university\u2019s core requirements, such as math, science, communications, and major, count toward your graduation. You should consult with your department advisor about those requirements. Other graduation resources Commencement locations and schedules Graduation procedures             Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.