(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/graduate-studies'
p1
V     Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Home         Mastering wind energy  Two student researchers demonstrate the strength of UNT research at international wind energy competition            Quick Facts  MEE Department   Nation's first Mechanical and Energy Engineering Dept. Began in 2007 with 77 students 354% enrollment increase over the past 5 years Current undergraduate enrollment: 602 Current Masters enrollment: 45 Current Ph.D. enrollement: 8 International enrollment: 61 Faculty count: 14 Avg. class size: 36 Avg. lab class size: 37 Degrees offered: 3 # of B.S. degrees awarded: 80 (AY2013-14) Avg. SAT/ACT score: 1127/25 Avg. external funding: $1,350,000 # of facilities: 12   UNT   Nation's 26th largest public university Total enrollment: about 36,000 Countries represented: 136 States represented: 49   DFW   Nation's second largest technology corridor Nation's 4th largest metropolitan area  Home to many of the nation\u2019s fastest growing cities         Graduate Studies      Graduate Studies      Obtaining your Master of Science or Ph.D. at UNT can be your doorway to success, both now and in the future, as an academic researcher and professional engineer. The department's graduate program builds on the theme of Mechanical and Energy through course offerings, opportunities to engage in work experiences in faculty laboratories through directed study, thesis and dissertations. Many students seek internships or work part time in area industries given our proximity to the metroplex. We are unique. You will have opportunities that you won't be able to find at many other schools and will be able to partner with world-class faculty and local industry leaders to make an impact in both your field and your community. The Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering offers a Master of Science degree with a major in mechanical and energy engineering, as well as a Ph.D. Degree. Both programs allow graduate students the opportunity to increase their engineering skills while diving deep into the industry with research and experiential learning. Students can pursue a Master's degree doing either a thesis or non-thesis track. Please review the MEE Handbook to get a perspective of the degree programs. The Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering also offers a Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy. This 15 credits program is designed to meet the increasing demands of students with a comprehensive understanding of energy engineering, social/environmental studies, energy policy, economics and management.  This program will also be unique in the State of Texas and among only a few in the US. Students earning one of our degrees can concurrently enroll in the Graduate Academic Certificate for dual credit. Similarly, the MEE department offers a master degree of Mechanical and Energy Engineering with a concentration in Energy Systems. For details of this program, click here.                   Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.