(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/alumni-friends'
p1
V     Alumni | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Alumni Overview UNT Event Calendar Update your info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider        Home » Advising » Undergraduate » Graduate » Research » People » AlumniAlumni    ... Powered by Cincopa Video Hosting for Business solution.AlumniAlexis Narvaez, MEE M.S. \u201812 works at Ohmstede Ltd.originaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 630height 378Gregson Thomas, MEE M.S. \u201913  works as an Engineer at Champion Cooler in Denison, Texas originaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 630height 378Micah Mosley, MEE \u201912 works at Huntsman Corporation originaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 630height 378Chris Richardson, MEEN May '13 works at General Dynamicsoriginaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 630height 378Hugo Diaz, MEEN '14 works at Jordan & Skala Engineersoriginaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 630height 378La Gronie Wyatt, MEEN '14 works at PTCoriginaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 630height 378Jeremiah Walker, MEEN '11 works at Sikorskyoriginaldate 1/1/0001 6:00:00 AMwidth 630height 378 Get involved with the MEE community At UNT\u2019s School of Mechanical and Energy Engineering, we love our alumni, and we want to stay connected with our growing community. We would be thrilled to see you at upcoming UNT events and chat with you over our social media networks to learn about the many ways you continue to excel. We hope to see you at your next visit back to UNT, and we invite you to use the resources on this page to stay informed about the latest UNT news and events. Don\u2019t forget to update your contact information so we can stay in touch!  UNT alumni: Powering our green light to greatness Our alumni and friends make a big impact. From giving time as volunteers to supporting scholarships and programs with monetary donations, our community network provides a dynamic energy that propels our students and university to do bigger and better things. Thank you for all of the ways you continue to give back. We look forward to seeing the many ways UNT will prosper in the future because of your faithful generosity. How do donor gifts impact the university? Gifts of every size matter. They enhance student learning, support scholarships, create endowed chairs and professorships, fund faculty and student research and creative endeavors, and elevate UNT's prominence and reach \u2013 both locally and globally. Committed supporters \u2014 those who believe in what the university is doing and where it is going \u2013 are the driving force behind the energy that is allowing UNT to become a national leader in education, research and scholarship, student support and community engagement \u2014 the pillars of a great public research university. Gifts to the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering are increasing, which has allowed continued development of innovative learning, teaching and scholarship initiatives \u2014 all of the things that are fundamental to UNT's mission as a public research university. At a time of declining or flat state support, UNT\u2019s donors and their generous gifts directly impact students and the quality of their education because they make possible the margin of excellence that sets a program apart and makes it truly great. Did you know? Gifts of all sizes enable our students to pursue their educational dreams! Annual gifts of any size help provide scholarships and support for undergraduate and graduate research  $100 can purchase a required manual $200 can help students participate in national competitions $400 would enable students to enroll in specialized summer workshops, working with renowned instructors and faculty $500 covers the cost of one hour of a summer class for a graduate student, who is most likely also conducting research and teaching undergraduate classes at the same time $800 could support a student's semester abroad, allowing the student to acquire an invaluable global perspective $1,000 could fund a student's otherwise unpaid internship  Ways to give to UNT  Major Gifts play a significant role in university development. They fund many of UNT\u2019s most important scholarships, fellowships, lectureships, campus improvements and more. Endowed Gifts create a legacy that will impact generations of UNT students because they provide a steady stream of support from permanently invested funds, ensuring the long-term success of the university. Contributions can be designated to scholarships, professorships, buildings, departmental chairs and programs. Annual Gifts are yearly opportunities to invest in the ongoing work of UNT. Each time you give to this core support for UNT, you provide for student research, equipment acquisition, scholarships and faculty development. Gifts can be designated to a specific department or area of the donor\u2019s choice. Corporate and Foundation Giving helps ensure the viability of our schools and colleges. Establishing these relationships strengthens our academic, programmatic and research capacities. Volunteering leverages the expertise and connections of our alumni and friends. Volunteers do guest lectures in classrooms or open doors to student internships. They serve on the department or college\u2019s advisory boards, where they help us stay abreast of industry practices. In a fundraising campaign, our volunteers are on the front lines raising money for the college and telling our story.  Want to know more about getting involved? Visit Giving to UNT or contact the Division of Advancement at (940) 565-2900 or giving@unt.edu                      Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.