(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/about-us'
p1
V     Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Home         Power of place  University leaders have been methodical in efforts to incorporate history while developing a new round of state-of-the-art learning facilities that meet the needs of modern students.            About Us  Overview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News Accreditation & ABET Resources International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Position Strategic Plan 2014-2019      Quick Facts  MEE Department   Nation's first Mechanical and Energy Engineering Dept. Began in 2007 with 77 students 354% enrollment increase over the past 5 years Current undergraduate enrollment: 602 Current Masters enrollment: 45 Current Ph.D. enrollement: 8 International enrollment: 61 Faculty count: 14 Avg. class size: 36 Avg. lab class size: 37 Degrees offered: 3 # of B.S. degrees awarded: 80 (AY2013-14) Avg. SAT/ACT score: 1127/25 Avg. external funding: $1,350,000 # of facilities: 12   UNT   Nation's 26th largest public university Total enrollment: about 36,000 Countries represented: 136 States represented: 49   DFW   Nation's second largest technology corridor Nation's 4th largest metropolitan area  Home to many of the nation\u2019s fastest growing cities          Talk to an Advisor Apply Now Undergraduate Apply Now Graduate     About Us      About Us      Academic programs and environment The Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering is a high-caliber program that attracts attention from across the nation. It boasts small classes and qualified, approachable faculty, and the supportive learning environment inspires high academic achievement.  The MEE department offers undergraduate and graduate level education with three degrees:  Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical and Energy Engineering Master of Science in Mechanical and Energy Engineering Ph.D. in Mechanical and Energy Engineering  Each path follows innovative curriculum that combines the essentials of the classical discipline of mechanical engineering with the deeper knowledge of the dynamic field of energy studies, including energy production, management and distribution.  Faculty and Students The Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering is diverse, welcoming more than 430 students each semester from across the world. MEE students work hard and excel academically. They are serious about research and advancement opportunities, and their focus pays off with scholarships, awards, grants and employment. Student success is also driven by the department's talented faculty, which includes award-winning researchers who pride themselves on being open, approachable mentors to each student. Are you a prospective student or faculty member who is interested in joining our department? Use the resources below to get started!  > Find job openings in the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering > Apply for admission > Learn more about why you should study engineering at UNT  The University and Region UNT is the nation\u2019s 26th largest public university and offers about 36,000 students many opportunities, both academically and socially. Its diverse, bright students come from 140 countries and 49 states for UNT\u2019s high-quality academic reputation and the region\u2019s dynamic growth and culture. Dallas-Fort Worth is the nation\u2019s second largest technology corridor and the fourth largest metropolitan area, and it is home to many of the nation\u2019s fastest growing cities, which makes for a continually growing number of employment and partnership opportunities. > Learn more about the department's location                 Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.