(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/why-study-mechanical-and-energy-engineering'
p1
V     Why Study Mechanical and Energy Engineering? | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       About Us Overview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News Accreditation & ABET Resources International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Position Strategic Plan 2014-2019     vertical cta Talk to an Advisor Apply Now Undergraduate Apply Now Graduate        HomeWhy Study Mechanical and Energy Engineering?    As it has evolved, mechanical engineering has come to include emerging energy solutions, which are integral to everything from the betterment of daily life to national security interests and global prosperity. Engineers are in high demand in academia and the workplace to solve major challenges in sustainable energy provision, the development of innovative medical devices and the mechanics of new materials for the next generation of vehicles.  What is Mechanical and Energy Engineering? Mechanical engineering is one of the oldest and broadest engineering disciplines evolving from ancient times to today, and it is continually advancing in dynamic ways. Mechanical engineering at its core covers the design, analysis and synthesis of various systems and technologies with mechanical components. Critical to the Mechanical and Energy Engineering graduating student is competence in both the fundamental areas of mechanical engineering AND energy engineering.   Applications of mechanical and energy engineering can be seen in:   Energy production Energy management and conservation  Energy distribution Thermal management of microelectronic Devices Dynamic and robotic systems New materials including composites and nanotechnology Transportation including automobiles, airplanes and spacecraft  Manufacturing   What can I do with a degree in Mechanical and Energy Engineering? Because mechanical engineering is the most general of the engineering disciplines, graduates of this program will be able to seek positions in many industries. The department is guided by an outstanding Industrial Advisory Board engaged with curriculum and strategic planning.  The combination of mechanical engineering with energy  will produce engineers that understand and comprehend the importance of energy in all streams of mechanical engineering. Specific Energy specialization will be especially attractive to energy-related industries like the growing field of energy production, distribution and management.  Graduates will be prepared for industries including:   Alternative Energy  Energy Management & Conservation  Nuclear Energy  Advanced Materials Design  Automotive Manufacturing and Parts  Computer Hardware and Software  Electric Utilities  Electronics, Controls and Sensors  Logistics and Operations Support  Paper and Pulp Products  Chemicals  Pharmaceuticals  Gas Production and Distribution  Petroleum Exploration, Production, Refinement and Distribution  Nanotechnology  Aerospace  Engineering Education  Telecommunications  Transportation  Water Utilities  UNT students can find assistance with locating career openings, student employment, internships and financial assistance through the UNT Career Center or the Office of Internships and Co-Ops. Students in the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering can also find career and job assistance by talking with their departmental advisor. Mechanical and Energy Engineering Job Outlook Overall engineering employment is expected to grow by 5 percent over the 2014\u201324 period, and Prospects for mechanical engineers overall are expected to be good. They will be best for those with training in the latest software tools, particularly for computational design and simulation. Such tools allow engineers and designers to take a project from the conceptual phase directly to a finished product, eliminating the need for prototypes.* Mechanical engineers often work on the newest industrial pursuits. The fields of alternative energies, remanufacturing, and nanotechnology may offer new opportunities for occupational growth. Remanufacturing\u2014rebuilding goods for a new use after they have worn out or become nonfunctional\u2014holds promise because it reduces the cost of waste disposal. Nanotechnology, which involves manipulating matter at the tiniest levels, may affect the employment of mechanical engineers because they will be needed to design production projects on the basis of that technology. Nanotechnology will be useful in areas such as healthcare and designing more powerful computer chips. * As a group, engineers earn some of the highest average starting salaries among college graduates. According to the NACE Salary Survey Winter 2016 Projected Starting Salaries by the National Association of Colleges and Employers, the average starting salary offers for graduates of bachelor\u2019s degree programs in mechanical engineering is projected to be $64,891 with Master's starting salaries at a projected $73,871 and Doctoral starting salaries at $95,055. > More information about the job outlook for mechanical engineers > Additional information about careers in energy engineering  *Information provided by the Bureau of Labor Statistics             Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.