(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/international-studies'
p1
V     International Studies | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       About Us Overview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News Accreditation & ABET Resources International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Position Strategic Plan 2014-2019     vertical cta Talk to an Advisor Apply Now Undergraduate Apply Now Graduate        HomeInternational Studies     International students at UNT Did you know that about 2,500 international students representing 129 countries call UNT their home? Within the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering alone, there are 50 international students.  UNT and MEE celebrate the university\u2019s increasing global population and offer an environment that welcomes and respects internationalism, collaboration and diversity. Students are supported by faculty and staff who supply inspiration and guidance throughout their academic careers and beyond, and cultural student organizations and campus-wide events help create a second home for students attending UNT from around the world. The university also supplies many resources to help students achieve success. Links to sites and documents frequently used by international students can be found in the resource bar at left. For information about how to apply to the university as an international student, visit UNT-International. This site offers translation services, detailed application instructions and testimonials of UNT students from across the world.  Still have questions? Find answers to common questions at Ask UNT or talk with an advisor.   Study Abroad with the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering The University of North Texas is dedicated to ensuring students receive a globally-relevant education. Studying abroad is a rewarding experience that offers lifelong benefits, and every interaction is an opportunity to learn and to share your culture with others. Students who study abroad enjoy sightseeing as well as completing interesting, innovative classwork and research in other countries.  The Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering will offer a 2012 summer study abroad course in China, MEEN 4110: Alternative Energy Sources. The course is open to all majors. Students will travel to Beijing, Xi\u2019an and Shanghai to study alternative energy and to experience China\u2019s 5000 years of unique culture and history. > Learn about MEE's global learning opportunities and the benefits of studying abroad             Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.