(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/professional-societies'
p1
V     Professional Societies | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       About Us Overview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News Accreditation & ABET Resources International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Position Strategic Plan 2014-2019     vertical cta Talk to an Advisor Apply Now Undergraduate Apply Now Graduate        HomeProfessional Societies     UNT\u2019s ASME student chapter offers engagement with engineering professionals to improve student's understanding of their respective field. Our chapter offers career development opportunities, fellowship and fun social events for all student members involved. We are active with the UNT community with sponsorships of projects like the HPVC (Human Powered Vehicle Challenge) and host social events, fundraisers, and volunteering events.  Website: UNT ASME In addition, we encourage our members to join the National chapter of ASME because national society members get the opportunity to attend field trips, have meetings with industry professionals, network, and enjoy enriching interactions with other ASME chapters. National chapter members have access to scholarships and engineering resources that are exclusive to members. First year UNT students get their membership free! Explore their website to learn more about what ASME does and to join at: https://www.asme.org/ Our organization is open to all majors and backgrounds, the only thing we look for is students wanting to learn and that are open to opportunity. Feel free to contact us at UNTASME@live.com      The UNT Society of Women Engineers is a student organization that supports engineering as a viable career choice for women. Our Section is C082 and we are located in Region C. We work closely with the College of Engineering (CoE), Career Center, and National SWE to support our members in their education and when entering the workforce. We accept ALL majors and ALL genders. UNT SWE is also dedicated to promoting math, science, and engineering to area middle and high school girls by hosting and participating in outreach activities.  In addition, the chapter encourages professional development in the workplace by hosting workshops and bringing in professionals employed in the technology field. Our workshops cover areas such as resume building, professional dress, and how to best prepare yourself for internships, jobs, and research opportunities. UNT SWE is a group that targets females who are majoring in an engineering field; however, we accept any gender and persons with an interest or major in the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics fields.   Sigma Sigma Pi Sigma Sigma Pi is an energy engineering honor society that strives to promote engineering excellence, sustainable practices and intellectual growth. The society also serves as a forum for the development of innovative ideas to the benefit of the university community.  SAE UNT The UNT Formula SAE team is a non-profit organization that challenges students from all fields of engineering to design, build, and race a fully-functional formula car against other university teams from around the world and compete in several static and dynamic categories and present their design to a panel of judges who are leaders within the automotive industry.   Formula SAE promotes careers and excellence in engineering as it encompasses all aspects of the automotive industry including research, design, manufacturing, testing, developing, marketing, management and finances. Formula SAE takes students out of the classroom and allows them to apply textbook theories to real work experiences."  Official Email Address: saeunt@gmail.com  Association of Energy Engineers (AEE)   UNT AEE Mission Statement :" It is the mission of UNT Association of Energy Engineers to become a leading student organization whose members are equipped to excel in every avenue of engineering by providing professional networking and integration into the energy engineering industry "  The Association of Energy Engineers (AEE) is your source for information and networking in the dynamic fields of: - Energy engineering - Energy management - Renewable and alternative energy - Power generation - Energy services - Sustainability and all related areas.  Current President is Eric Tien National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE)  The mission of the National Society of Black Engineers is to increase the number of culturally responsible engineers who excel academically, succeed professionally, and positively impact the community. Collegiate membership is open to all engineering, math, physical, applied, and computer science majors. All others are invited to become affiliate members.    Society for the Advancement of Material and Process Engineering (SAMPE)  The Society for the Advancement of Material and Process Engineering (SAMPE) provides the global forum for information, education and professional fellowship for those who define the leading edge and application of materials and processes advancement. Current President is Lee Smith   Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE) SHPE\u2019s mission is to change lives by empowering the Hispanic community to realize their fullestpotential and impact the world through STEM awareness, support, and development. We arebrought together by heritage and a desire to improve the quality of life for all people through theuse of science and technology. We are about improving our education, giving back to ourcommunity, and providing students the skills necessary to landing internships and great jobs!   Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE) The mission of the UNT Society of Petroleum Engineers is to advance students' understanding of engineering knowledge and practices relating to the oil, gas and supporting industries; to provide opportunities for students to develop technical and professional competence through connections with industry and better prepare students for careers in the petroleum industry. SPE holds informational meetings open to all students that attempt to increase knowledge of the petroleum industry and eliminate many of the myths regarding the drilling, exploration and production of oil and natural gas. Members network with industry professionals from the Dallas SPE section and on occasion visit well sites to see first-hand what goes on during the petroleum extraction process.   Society of Plastic Engineers (SPE) The Society of Plastics Engineers chapter focuses on the industrial and commercial applicationsof polymers. Plastics are an everyday aspect of life that can constantly be improved. This drivefor improvement involves the synthesis, design, processing, and applications of polymer andpolymer based composites. Several opportunities to network with professionals and learn aboutplastics are available throughout the semester. Fields of interest: Commercial goods, vehiclesystems, bio-medical applications, and anything related to plastics.             Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.