(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/facilities-and-location-0'
p1
V     Facilities and Location | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       About Us Overview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News Accreditation & ABET Resources International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Position Strategic Plan 2014-2019     vertical cta Talk to an Advisor Apply Now Undergraduate Apply Now Graduate        HomeFacilities and Location        Research Facilities   Mailingaddress   Shipping address   University& Region       Research and Learning Facilities   The Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering is located within Discovery Park, which is located about 10 miles north of the UNT campus. Students and faculty perform research and study in some of the nation\u2019s most impressive state-of-the-art research facilities, located both within Discovery Park and at other local venues, including:  PACCAR Technology Institute - Used to perform research in a variety of topics related to alternative energy and energy efficiency of buildings and industrial processes Zero Energy Research Laboratory - A new 1,200 square-foot facility used to test emerging, sustainable technologies and materials to achieve a net-zero consumption of energy in buildings. The structure is expandable to include multiple alternative energy sources such as solar and wind to support a wide range of research; no other university in the nation offers this resource. Laboratory of Small Scale Instrumentation - Used to measure small-scale systems including individual nanostructures like carbon nanotubes, nanowires and nanoparticles; nanosystems like sensors and photonic crystals; ultra-fast transport phenomena like femtosecond microscopy; and biosystems like cell death mechanisms and DNA sensing. Thermal Fluid Science Lab Computer Aided Design and Analysis Lab -  Provides infrastructure for CAD, including several workstations with the latest CAD software, enabling design, test and simulation of a range of analog, digital and mixed-signal semiconductor chip designs. Manufacturing and Engineering Technology Lab Center for Advanced Scientific Computing and Modeling - Facilitates research, education, training and outreach in all facets of advanced scientific computing and modeling. The CASCaM facility, supported by the United States Department of Education, affords excellent opportunities for collaboration with UNT computational chemists for both students and faculty mentors in Texas and the surrounding states. Composite Mechanics and Manufacturing Laboratory: Investigates lightweight structures for energy, mechanical and thermal management. Current efforts are directed at structural composites, composite foams, nanocomposite die attach materials for increased reliability, thermal management and energy efficiency. The laboratory takes an interdisciplinary approach through the Renewable Bioproducts Cluster and is bringing engineering value to sustainable and renewable material resources.  Advanced Tire Technology and Vehicle Dynamics Lab Functional Cellular Solids Lab    In addition, the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering has two teaching labs. The Undergraduate Teaching Lab and the Senior Design Workshop contain over $350,000 worth of equipment for teaching and research. MEE also co-owns and operates a major piece of infrastructure, the North Texas Ambient Energy Monitoring Station (NT-AEMS), which is the only weather station in the US operated by an energy engineering department providing an opportunity to use weather data differently than anyone else ever has. The station is located at Discovery Park\u2019s Texas Environmental Observatory (TEO) site, and MEE\u2019s component of the station is a Mesonet-compliant weather monitoring equipment and a 2-axis solar tracker.  Find MEE > Learn more about Discovery Park > Get Directions to the MEE Department > Map of Discovery Park > Take a Tour  MEE department mailing address If using a government facility such as US postal service: University of North Texas Mechanical & Energy Engineering Department1155 Union Circle #311098Denton, TX 76203-5017 MEE department shipping address If using a private company such as DHL, FedEx or UPS: University of North Texas Discovery ParkDepartment of Mechanical & Energy3940 N. Elm, Room F101Denton, TX 76207-7102 The University and Region UNT is the nation\u2019s 26th largest university and offers its 36,000 students many opportunities, both academically and socially. Its diverse, bright students come from 140 countries and 49 states for UNT\u2019s high-quality academic reputation and the region\u2019s dynamic growth and culture. Dallas-Fort Worth is the nation\u2019s second largest technology corridor and the fourth largest metropolitan area, and it is home to many of the nation\u2019s fastest growing cities, which makes for a continually growing number of employment and partnership opportunities.   DFW is a prime area for mechanical and energy engineering research and employment. Its geographically strategic location allows the MEE department to benefit from interaction with and continuous support from industries such as alternative energy, nanotechnology, energy conservation and energy infrastructure. In addition, the area provides networking and advancement through active local sections of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Association of Energy Engineers and the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, with which the department is affiliated. In addition to its vast academic and advancement opportunities, the university also offers an array of social and living options. UNT has more than 400 student organizations, comfortable and convenient housing both on and near campus, nearly 11,000 on- and off-campus jobs, and a community rich with interesting and exciting arts, entertainment, food, shopping and exercise activities.              Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.