(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/partnerships'
p1
V     Partnerships | Mechanical and Energy Engineering                              Search              Search this site:               Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                    Home AdvisingAdvising Overview Undergraduate Advising Graduate Advising Advising Code Graduation Check Degree / Major Change Override Form Jobs and Finances Grades & Academic Dishonesty  UndergraduateUndergraduate Undergraduate Admissions  International Admissions Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Grad Track Senior Design Scholarships Study Abroad Graduation Checklist  GraduateFuture Students Current Students Tuition and Fees Class Schedules Master of Science Program Ph.D. Program Graduate Academic Certificate in Energy Scholarships Study Abroad Graduate Course Syllabi  ResearchZero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary ResearchPACCAR Technology Institute NSF I/UCRC  Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners  PeopleFaculty Staff Industrial Advisory Board  AlumniOverview UNT Event Calendar Update Your  Info MEE Department LinkedIn MEE Department Facebook MEE Alumni Group on LinkedIn Order a Transcript UNT Alumni Association UNT Alumni & Friends page North Texan Magazine UNT Insider  About UsOverview Why Study MEE? Department Philosophy Facilities and Location MEE News ABET Accreditation International Studies Student Organizations Industrial Advisory Board Faculty Positions Strategic Plan  Give to MEE       Research Zero Energy (ZØE) Research Laboratory Fundamental Research Applied Research Interdiciplinary Research Sustainable Building Sustainable Materials Research Clusters Research Magazine Corporate Partners        HomePartnerships    The Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering enjoys forming partnerships with local industry leaders and companies, who work with the department on student projects and research initiatives.  How do students benefit from partnerships? Partnerships with industry leaders allow students to apply what they learn in the classroom to solve real issues. Working on projects with professional engineers elevates students\u2019 skills and industry knowledge, preparing them for future careers, while helping them network and build relationships. One way the Department of Mechanical and Energy Engineering uses partnerships is the Senior Design program, MEE\u2019s capstone undergraduate project. Students develop a solution to a current engineering issue, taking on roles as designers, testers and project managers. Employer sponsors, or local industry leaders, act as their clients, providing feedback and review throughout the project. > Learn more about Senior Design Why do industry leaders volunteer as partners? Companies and professionals benefit from collaborating with student projects and departmental research because it allows the company to meet emerging talent and perform research about real mechanical engineering and energy issues at no cost. Past partners have included:  Bell Helicopter Peterbilt Motors Company American Society of Mechanical Engineers Eagle\u2019s Nest NASA Halliburton  If you are a local engineering professional or company who would like to partner with the department on a student project or research initiative, contact mee.outreach@unt.edu.             Contact Us:      UNT - Discovery Park - MEE     3940 N Elm Suite F101 Denton, TX 76207 USA  Voice: 940-565-2400   Fax: 940-369-8675     Visit Us: Discovery Park Room F101 Find us on a map   http://engineering.unt.edu/mechanicalandenergy/   Mailing or Shipping to MEE? Find the right address to use.     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?   Please contact us.       erin.allice@unt.edu           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center          Site last updated on May 4, 2017    Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness            
p2
t.