(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/contact'
p1
V          Contact Information | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Contact Information         For questions related to clinical hours and similar topics, contact Email: SPHS-GSAOffice@unt.edu Phone: (940) 369-7365 Please allow 5 business days for a reply when classes are in session. No one will be available to reply when classes are not in session. We appreciate your patience. For Admissions Questions: For all questions related to your admission status, admissions requirements, or leveling classes please use the appropriate contat method(s) below. Please allow 5 business days for a reply when classes are in session. No one will be available to reply when classes are not in session. We appreciate your patience. Master's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology Email: SLP-Admissions@unt.edu Phone: (940) 565-3716 Please allow 5 business days for a reply when classes are in session. No one will be available to reply when classes are not in session. We appreciate your patience. Doctor of Audiology Email: AUD-Admissions@unt.edu Phone: (940) 369-7025 Please allow 5 business days for a reply when classes are in session. No one will be available to reply when classes are not in session. We appreciate your patience. Out-of-Field / Leveling Students Courses are offered as a courtesy to out-of-field students. No advising or contact information is available at this time. Please refer to the links provided at http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/leveling. Email slpleveling@unt.edu. Phone: NONE. Please allow 5 business days for a reply when classes are in session. No one will be available to reply when classes are not in session. We appreciate your patience. Undergraduate Program Email: lauren.mathews@unt.edu Phone: NONE Please allow 5 business days for a reply when classes are in session. No one will be available to reply when classes are not in session. We appreciate your patience. Departmental Office Academic and administrative functions for the DepartmentUNT Speech & Hearing Center, Room 260; Phone (940) 565-2481; Fax (940)565-4058Mailing Address University of North Texas, Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology, 1155 Union Circle # 305010, Denton, Texas 76203-5017 UNT Speech & Hearing Center Speech-Language Pathology | Audiology (Hearing) | Tinnitus | Motor Speech | Reading & LanguagePhysical Address 907 W. Sycamore Street, Room 190, Denton, Texas 76201; Phone: (940) 565-2262; Fax: (940) 369-7702 Mailing Address University of North Texas, UNT Speech & Hearing Center 1155 Union Circle # 305010 Denton, Texas 76203-5017                        Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.