(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/programs'
p1
V          Programs | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Programs         The Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology offers degree programs at both the undergraduate and graduate levels: Bachelor of Science in Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology (BS-SLPA) The bachelor's degree is a pre-professional degree for persons wishing to pursue graduate study in speech-language pathology and audiology. The pre-professional program provides basic preparation in the normal development and functioning of speech, language, and hearing, and introductory courses concerned with communication disorders and appropriate remedial procedures. The Department also offers an option of a second Bachelor's Degree in SLPA. Master of Science in Speech-Language Pathology (MS-SLP) The Master\u2019s Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology is accredited by the Council on Academic Accreditation in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association (ASHA). Students who earn the Master\u2019s Degree in Speech-Language Pathology will meet the academic and clinical practicum requirements for ASHA's Certificate of Clinical Competence in Speech-Language Pathology (CCC-SLP) and will also satisfy the requirements for Texas state licensure in speech-language pathology. Individuals from any undergraduate field of study may apply to the Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology. However, applicants whose Bachelor's Degree is in a field outside Communication Sciences and Disorders or Speech-Language Pathology must complete prerequisite coursework. See Leveling / Out-of-Field Information for details. Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) The Doctor of Audiology Program is accredited by the Council on Academic Accreditation in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association (ASHA). Students who earn the professional doctorate will meet the academic and clinical practicum requirements for ASHA's Certificate of Clinical Competence in Audiology (CCC-A) and will also satisfy the requirements for Texas state licensure in Audiology.   Three-year statistics for the graduate programs: http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/statistics                        Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.