(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/2nd-Bachelors'
p1
V          Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree         Getting a 2nd Bachelors degree is equated to being a double major, the only difference is that the 2nd major is obtained at a later date. Classes taken while obtaining the first Bachelor\u2019s (mainly core classes) will be applied to the 2nd Bachelor\u2019s, eliminating the need to retake these classes. The student would then be required to only take new classes that have not already been taken for the new major. The 2nd bachelor\u2019s degree seeking student will take all of the SPHS courses (39 hours). Career Information For more information about careers in speech-language pathology, please visit our Careers page http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/careers. It contains links to the American Speech-Language Hearing Association and the Texas Speech-Language Hearing Association career information web pages. Additional Steps for a 2nd Bachelors degree seeking student: 1. After acceptance into the UNT Toulouse Graduate School, set an appointment with a College of Health and Public Service advisor by calling (940)565-4115, located in Chilton Hall Room 290. The HPS advisor will review your transcripts from your 1st bachelor\u2019s degree and determine which Core and HPS class requirements you still need.  Because of ASLP UG class requirements, the most common classes a student still needs is Statistics, Biology, Chemistry, Physics or level III and level IV of a foreign language.  The 1st bachelor\u2019s counts as the minor for the 2nd bachelor\u2019s degree. 2. Once the HPS advisor has reviewed your 1st bachelor\u2019s degree, set an appointment with Lauren Mathews, ASLP Undergraduate Director. She can be reached at Lauren.Mathews@UNT.edu. At this appointment, you will fill out the paperwork to officially declare ASLP as a 2nd Bachelors degree. Designation as a 2nd Bachelor\u2019s degree student with the UNT Toulouse School of Graduate Studies AND the 2nd Bachelors Degree plan paperwork is REQUIRED to be an official 2nd bachelor degree seeking student. 3. Take all of the required classes for a bachelor\u2019s degree in ASLP. See the below link for the current ASLP UG degree requirements: 2014-2015 Requirements Course Availability by Semester                        Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.