(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/MS'
p1
V          Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology  | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology             Yearly admission to the Master\u2019s Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology is one time per year in the Fall. The application deadline is February 1. All application materials must be received on or before the application deadline date to be considered.  Incomplete application portfolios are not reviewed by the admissions committee. It is the applicant's responsibility to ensure that all elements of the application have been received by UNT. The 2017 application cycle has closed. Please check back in September for 2018 application instructions. Application Part 1, Toulouse Graduate School application components:  Step 1: Application form: Required Complete the UNT Graduate Application via the Toulouse Graduate School (tsgs.unt.edu). Designate Speech-Language Pathology as your intended major field. Step 2: Graduate Record Examination (General Test): Required All applicants are required to take the Graduate Record Examination (GRE) \u2014 Verbal, Quantitative, and Analytical Writing subtests \u2014 and to report all their GRE scores to UNT--Denton (ETS Code 6481). Step 3: Official Transcripts: Required Please arrange for all official transcripts (both undergraduate and graduate transcripts, including community college transcripts) to be mailed directly to: Toulouse Graduate School University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle # 305459 Denton, TX 76203-5017   The links for online submission of personal statements and letters of reference are now available for use below.  Application Part 2, Departmental application components: Step 1: Letters of Recommendation\u2014Required  Three recommendations are required, using the link below. It is preferred that these informed recommendations are written and sent by individuals who are familiar with your academic background and who can attest to your aptitude for challenging graduate-level academic work. The number of recommendations from individuals outside of academia (e.g. employers, community leaders) should be kept to a minimum, and they may be weighted differently based on their relevance to academic-specific information. It is recommended that students request letters of recommendation from at least two faculty members from their undergraduate of graduate programs.  Click on the link below and enter the email addresses of the people from whom you have requested a letter of recommendation. Your recommenders will be sent an email to complete a form given your name and identification number. Letter of Recommendation Form (Online) Step 2: Personal Statement--Required Please submit a personal statement describing your professional goals and your preparation for graduate study in speech-language pathology. The length of the statement should be limited to one page single-spaced, or two pages double-spaced. Convert your personal statement to a PDF file and then click on the link below to upload your personal statement. Personal Statement Upload Form Step 3: Basic Human Communication Coursework Form\u2014Required for out-of-field applicants (i.e. leveling applicants) and strongly recommended for in-field applicants   \u201cBasic Human Communication Coursework Form\u201d Applicants whose bachelor\u2019s degree is in a field other than communication sciences and disorders are required to successfully complete basic human communication coursework (\u201cleveling coursework\u201d) before admission into the master\u2019s program. A course is considered to be successfully completed if the student earns a course grade of \u2018B\u2019 or higher. Download the file, complete it, and then click on the link below to upload your Basic Human Communication Coursework Form. Be sure to save the form and catalog course description(s) in the same PDF file. Basic Human Communication Coursework Form Upload  FOR MORE DETAILED INFORMATION ABOUT THE STEPS ABOVE, PLEASE GO TO http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/MS-application-details 3-Year Statistics                         Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.