(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/leveling'
p1
V          Information for Leveling / Out-of-Field Applicants | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Information for Leveling / Out-of-Field Applicants         **NEW CHANGES to take effect in Fall 2017: The leveling requirements will be changed from eight to ten courses.  If you plan to apply for the Fall 2018 admission or thereafter, the following ten leveling classes are mandatory. Individuals with a bachelor\u2019s degree unrelated to communication science and disorders (CSD) are required to take a number of undergraduate courses in the field (i.e., \u201cleveling\u201d courses) before pursuing graduate studies in speech-language pathology. For out-of-field students who plan to apply to the UNT Master\u2019s Program in Speech-Language Pathology (SLP), the following ten leveling classes are mandatory:   ASLP 2020 (Phonetics) ASLP 3025 (Anatomical Bases of Speech and Hearing) ASLP 3030 (Speech and Hearing Science) ASLP 3035 (Normal Speech and Language Development) ASLP 3040 (Introduction to Audiology) ASLP 4035 (Articulation and Phonological Disorders)  ASLP 4040 (Introduction to Language Disorders)  ASLP 4045 (Basic Rehabilitative Audiology) ASLP 4050 (Neurological Bases of Speech and Hearing) ASLP 4060 (Clinical Practicum I)   At the time of application to the graduate program, you must have either completed these courses, or be enrolled in the last of these courses. For example, you might complete 4 of these classes in the fall semester, and take the remaining 4 in the spring semester while you are in the process of applying for graduate programs. It should be noted that completion of leveling coursework does not guarantee an admission to the UNT Master\u2019s Program in Speech-Language Pathology, nor is there a certificate for completing required leveling courses. Due to the competitive nature of graduate schools in this field, it is highly recommended that prospective students apply to several graduate programs. It is important to note that leveling requirements may be different at each school. Please see the following link for instructions to apply to the SLP Master's Program at UNT: http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/MS For more information about career options in the field of speech-language pathology, please see the following link: http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/careers. Steps to register for SPHS undergraduate classes at UNT as a leveling student: 1. Apply to the UNT Toulouse Graduate School (http://tsgs.unt.edu/) as a non-degree-seeking post-baccalaureate student.  Prospective leveling students should first be admitted by the UNT Toulouse Graduate School as a non-degree-seeking post-baccalaureate student before enrollment in undergraduate-level leveling courses. Toulouse Graduate School may admit the prospective students as non-degree-seeking graduate students without a major, provided that the minimum requirements determined by graduate school have been met.  Be aware that this admission process and resultant status is completely unrelated to the UNT Master's degree program in Speech-Language Pathology. For details of application process and deadlines, please consult the UNT Toulouse Graduate School website directly (http://tsgs.unt.edu/apply). Please note that non-degree-seeking graduate students are NOT eligible for financial aid when taking undergraduate-level leveling courses. Also note that admission to the University as a non-degree-seeking post-baccalaureate student does NOT constitute admission to a 'leveling program' or to the graduate program in speech-language pathology at UNT, therefore there is no SPHS faculty available for advising. If you have any questions regarding leveling, please write to slpleveling@unt.edu. 2. After you have been admitted as a non-degree-seeking post-baccalaureate student, refer to the course list above and register for available courses. Leveling students may take leveling courses in any semester in which they are offered, and in any order.  Prerequisite requirements do not apply to leveling students.  Keep in mind that undergraduate classes tend to fill up quickly, so it is not uncommon that you will have to register for classes based on availability.  Please consult the Registration Guide for the appropriate academic term for more information (https://www.unt.edu/classes-registration).  If you are unable to complete all required prerequisites before or during application to the UNT\u2019s graduate program, you may consider taking some of equivalent courses offered online at other universities (http://www.asha.org/edfind/results.aspx?DE=ENTIREDEGREE). Note: If you are enrolling in classes for the first time at UNT, you will be eligible for registration only during the regular registration period. If you are a continuing student who have taken classes at UNT in the previous year, you will be eligible for early registration. Course scheduling for all undergraduate courses can be found at the following website: http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/schedule-classes                        Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.