(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/AuD'
p1
V          Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.)         The graduate programs in both speech-language pathology and audiology are accredited by the Council on Academic Accreditation in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association (ASHA) [2200 Research Blvd., Rockville, MD 20850; (800) 498-2071]. Students who earn the professional doctorate will meet the academic and clinical practicum requirements for ASHA's Certificate of Clinical Competence in their specialty areas. Those students whose programs of study satisfy the ASHA requirements will simultaneously satisfy the requirements for licensure by the state of Texas in the professional area of the student's degree program (http://www.dshs.state.tx.us/speech/sp_req.shtm). Please see the links on this page for additional details about the application process. Tours are available on an appointment basis. Please call 940-369-7025 to make an appointment.  Yearly admission to the Doctor of Audiology Program is one time per year in the Fall. The application deadline is February 1.  All application materials must be received on or before the application deadline date to be considered.  Incomplete application portfolios are not reviewed by the admissions committee.    Application Part 1, Toulouse Graduate School application components:  Step 1: Application form: Required Complete the UNT Graduate Application via the Toulouse Graduate School (tsgs.unt.edu). Designate Audiology as your intended major field. Step 2: Graduate Record Examination (General Test): Required All applicants are required to take the Graduate Record Examination (GRE) \u2014 Verbal, Quantitative, and Analytical Writing subtests \u2014 and to report all their GRE scores to UNT--Denton (ETS Code 6481). We recommend you begin taking the GRE during the summer the year before you intend to apply. This will provide you with ample time to retake the exam if you choose to do so, however we do take your highest score into account. We consider any scores above the 50th percentile to be competitive. Percentile ranks and their corresponding numeric scores can be located on the ETS website: www.ets.org. Step 3: Official Transcripts: Required Please arrange for all official transcripts (both undergraduate and graduate transcripts, including community college transcripts) to be mailed directly to: Toulouse Graduate School University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle # 305459 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Application Part 2, Departmental application components: The items listed below should be sent directly to the department at the following address:  Graduate Admissions in Audiology Department of Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle # 305010 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Step 1: Letters of Recommendation\u2014Required  Three recommendations are required, using the recommendation form provided here. Recommendations written by individuals who are familiar with your academic background and who can speak to your ability to handle the challenges of graduate-level academic work are strongly preferred.  Letters from individuals outside of the academy (e.g. employers, community leaders) may also be submitted, using the same recommendation form. Step 2: Personal Statement--Required Compose a personal statement describing your professional goals and your preparation for graduate study. Please limit the length of the statement to one page single-spaced, or two pages double-spaced. If you have detailed questions not already addressed here, please contact our admissions team at AUD-Admissions@unt.edu FAQs -- coming soon3-year Statistics AuD PrerequisitesAUD Clinical PracticumAUD Model Degree Plan Online class schedule search Online UNT Catalog Course Listing Search                                   Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.