(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/phd'
p1
V          Ph.D. in Health Services Research | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Ph.D. in Health Services Research         The College of Health and Public Service at the University of North Texas is pleased to offer a new Ph.D. program in Health Services Research. This program provides the necessary foundation in health services for future leaders, while providing different choices for specialization based on areas of expertise. Concentration in Audiology or Speech-Language Pathology: Prepare competent researchers, with advanced knowledge and technical expertise necessary for improving the quality of life for people with speech, language and hearing disabilities.   Program Requirements  18 semester hours in foundation core courses covering researchmethods and design, statistics, grant proposal writing andanalysis and writing for publication.   15 designated semester hours in the student's chosenconcentration   9 semester hours of approved electives   A minimum of 9 semester hours of dissertation  Application Deadline: Dec 1, 2017 for Fall 2018. Requirements:  Graduate Degree from an accredited institution   GRE Scores   Program Application including resume, statement of intentand example of previous work   Three letters of recommendation   Interview with PhD Committee   International students will have additional requirements   For more information contact: Kamakshi Gopal, Ph.D., CCC-A Professor Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology University of North Texas Denton, TX, USA.gopal@unt.edu   Links Downloadable flyer on the Ph.D. in Health Services Research Main page for Health Services Research Faculty for Health Services Research                           Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.