(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/speech'
p1
V          Speech and Language Services | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Speech and Language Services             The University of North Texas Speech and Hearing Center provides state-of-the-art diagnostic and treatment services for persons who have speech and language needs. Clients range in age from eighteen months to eighty years and reflect a diversity of speech, language, and voice disorders. To evaluate clients' communication abilities and needs, speech-language pathologists certified by the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association and licensed by the State of Texas team with student clinicians to administer nationally recognized speech and language tests. The diagnostic team also has access to the latest equipment and technologies for identification of voice and swallowing disorders. The Center offers both individual and group therapy sessions. The one-on-one interaction of the individual approach provides clients with intensive treatment tailored to their specific needs. Groups afford clients opportunities to achieve therapy goals in a naturalistic setting while interacting with people with similar communication disorders. The Center has several exciting group programs including a preschool for children with language impairments, a group for adults who have communication disorders resulting from stroke or head injury, and accent-reduction groups for non-native speakers of English. Aphasia Support Group Facebook: UNT Aphasia Support Group Twitter: @UNTAphasiaGroup Forms for Download:  Speech-Language Diagnostic--Adult Speech-Language Diagnostic--Child (under 18) Augmentative and Alternative Communication (AAC) Evaluation Fluency Assessment--Adult Fluency Assessment--Child (under 18) Voice Clinic   Additional Forms (required): Notices and Authorization Forms Photo/Video Release                        Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.