(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/hearing'
p1
V          Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation             The UNT Speech and Hearing Center has a state of the art hearing clinic that offers comprehensive diagnostic and rehabilitation services. We offer a wide range of hearing aid technology, including models that automatically adjust volume, suppress background noise, and improve listening effort.  Services are provided by nationally-certified and state-licensed audiologists, and graduate students under their supervision. Our hearing services include an extended trial period for hearing aids, with consumer-focused services such as communication strategies and assistive listening devices measurements that ensure the hearing aid is providing sufficient benefit special testing procedures for infants and young children We also have access to research-supported assistive technology for the treatment of tinnitus (ringing in the ears). The Center is a provider of custom-fitted hearing protection for musicians and a variety of high-noise environments.   The UNT Speech and Hearing Center accepts most insurance plans with hearing benefits, and Medicaid.   If you feel you are having problems with hearing, speech, or language or suspect that a family member or friend is having difficulty, contact our Center for an evaluation. Forms for Download: Hearing Evaluation or Hearing Aid Evaluation--Adult Hearing Evaluation or Hearing Aid Evaluation--Child (under 18) Patient Instructions for ENG (Electronystagmography) Parent Instructions for Infant ABR (Auditory Brainstem Response)   Additional Forms (Required): Notice of Health Information Practices Release Forms Photo/Video Release                        Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.