(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/grad-student-assistantships'
p1
V          Grad Student Assistantships | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Grad Student Assistantships       Graduate Assistantships SPHS offers several graduate assistantships each term. These include Teaching Assistant, Research Assistant, and Graduate Services Assistant. Follow the link below to the Eagle Careers site to create a profile and submit your application to open jobs. When applying, you MUST submit the following items to be considered: *Curriculum Vitae (CV) or Resume *A brief statement describing your experience and skills, particularly with respect to research, teaching, administrative work, or any other relevant work experience. The statement should be approximately one-half page in length. *The student work application, downloadable from Eagle Careers. Documents must be uploaded in pdf format to be viewable. Microsoft Word has a built-in pdf export function. Graduate Assistantship Application at Eagle Careers (See Frequently Asked Questions) Graduate Assistantship Offer Acceptance Form Faculty Requests   Hourly Student Appointments will be governed by the following guidelines: The University's official payroll periods are Fall: Sept 1-Jan 15 Spring: Jan 16-May 31 Summer 10W: Jun 1-Aug 31 Summer 5W1: Jun 1-Jul 15 Summer 5W2: Jul 16-Aug 31  Exact duties, assigned work location(s), and start/end dates will be determined by the supervising faculty member. It is the student's responsibility to contact the assigned supervisor as soon as the job offer is accepted. The student must indicate acceptance of the job offer by returning the signed Acceptance Form, enclosed with the offer letter and linked above for your convenience. Hourly students may not begin working prior to the official payroll start date due to budgetary and fiscal year considerations, unless employed through a clinical service agreement (very limited in number). Students hired in an hourly position will be paid for the number of hours worked per week. Students should plan to work the number of hours per week as indicated in the offer letter. Time sheets are due on the 1st and 15th days of every month while employed. Late time sheets may lead to late payment due to the lead time necessary to process time sheets through the payroll system. Both the student and the supervisor (or supervisor's designate) must sign the time sheet prior to submission to the Department Office for processing. The student is allowed 'make-up time' if the student is unable to work due to conference attendance or illness, at the discretion of the supervisor. The supervisor's approval for 'make-up time' must be indicated on the time sheet prior to submission to the Department Office. Salary Student Appointments will be governed by the following guidelines: The University's official payroll dates are Fall: Sept 1-Jan 15 Spring: Jan 16-May 31 Summer 10W: Jun 1-Aug 31 Summer 5W1: Jun 1-Jul 15 Summer 5W2: Jul 16-Aug 31  Exact duties, assigned work location(s), and start/end dates will be determined by the supervising faculty member. It is the student's responsibility to contact the assigned supervisor as soon as the job offer is accepted. The student must indicate acceptance of the job offer by returning the signed Acceptance Form, enclosed with the offer letter and linked above for your convenience. Actual start dates may be prior to the official payroll start date. The student will be paid the appropriate salary because the student is paid for weeks between the end of Finals Week and the payroll end date. For example, a TA may begin working on January 2nd at the direction of the supervisor to prepare for Spring classes. The number of hours worked per week as listed on the offer letter is expected of each student employee. The exact work schedule will be assigned by the supervisor. The student is responsible for using the Salary TA/RA/GSA Hours Tracking Form below, and should be initialed by the supervisor at least every two weeks during the term. Salary TA/RA/GSA Hours Tracking Form Frequently Asked Questions about the Graduate Assistant Application Process Through Eagle Careers *There is only one method of applying for TA, RA, and GSA positions. It is through Eagle Careers at the UNT Career Center. Eagle Careers *You look for the Job ID and Job Title you are given. *As it states on the  Eagle Careers page, \u201cYou will need to fill out the Student Employment Application and upload it to your Eagle Careers profile.\u201d *Click the large green button that says \u201cStudent Employment Application.\u201d *The application will download automatically. *Once you have filled out the application, save it as a pdf. Microsoft Word allows you to do this automatically within the program. [ http://support.office.com/en-us/article/Save-or-convert-to-PDF-d85416c5-7d77-4fd6-a216-6f4bf7c7c110?ui=en-US&rs=en-US&ad=US ] *Save the completed application in pdf format to your Eagle Careers profile by selecting \u201cMy Account\u201d then \u201cMy Documents.\u201d *For our applications, you will need to also upload a CV/resume AND a cover letter or personal statement describing your experience and skills, particularly with respect to research, teaching, administrative work, or any other relevant work experience. *You can log on to  Eagle Careers with though MyUNT. *If you have a question about how to upload, where to find the job posting, what to click, where to click, or other specific questions about Eagle Careers you will need to contact the Career Center at  (940) 565-2105 or by email (careercenter@unt.edu).                       Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.