(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/scholarships'
p1
V          Scholarships | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Scholarships    The Department of Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology offers several scholarships that are available in varying amounts, depending on funding.  There is a single process for all scholarships offered by the Department: Open scholarships are listed below. Scholarships awarded are for the 2017-2018 academic year. EligibilityApplicants must meet the following eligibility requirements: 1. The student must be enrolled as a full-time student in the Department of Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology, unless they have fewer than twice the number of semester hours required to be full time remaining in their degree program. 2. The student must have a current GPA of 3.0 or better 3. At least one faculty member from the UNT Department of Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology must support the student\u2019s application. Note: Some scholarships require more than one signature. Procedure 1. The student must complete the Application. 2. The student must submit the Application to the Department no later than April 1. 3. A committee will meet to review applications and award scholarship funds to the most qualified applicants. 4. The Department notifies applicants of any awards granted no later than thirty (30) days prior to the start of the next academic term. You may send a scanned copy of the application to speechandhearing@unt.edu, or mail it to Department of Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Attn: Scholarships 1155 Union Circle # 305010 Denton, TX 76203   All scholarships offered by the Department are competitive. The number of scholarships awarded will vary annually according to funding.   Scholarship Information:  Brenda L. Petersen Scholarship Open to undergraduate student\u2019s enrolled fulltime in the College of Health and Public Service, who are interested in pursuing a degree in Audiology within the Department of Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology, with a 3.0 GPA or above. Typical scholarship awards range from $250-$1,000. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment.   Speech-Language Pathology Graduate Student Scholarship   Open to graduate students enrolled fulltime in the Speech-Language Pathology program in the College of Health and Public Service, with a 3.0 GPA or above. Typical scholarship awards range from $250-$1000.  The number of competitive awards given each year is dependent on the number of applicants. *All eligible students must maintain full time enrollment as established by the University, unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment.                      Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.