(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/student-associations-and-resources'
p1
V          Student Associations and Resources | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Student Associations and Resources    National Student Speech-Language-Hearing Association (NSSLHA)www.nsslha.org The National Student Speech-Language-Hearing Association (NSSLHA) is a pre-professional organization for students interested in human communication disorders. UNT has a local chapter, the UNT-NSSLHA group, that is both a social and service organization. The chapter's service events have included Habitat for Humanity, the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, health fairs, books for the children, and new graduate student buddies. Guest speakers have lectured on cochlear implants, augmentative communication, and autism. Social events have included bowling and miniature golf competitions with department faculty and staff, parties, and the annual department banquet. Membership in the local chapter is open to any UNT student. Local dues are $15 per school year or $7.50 per semester. Applications are available at the NSSLHA bulletin board in the student workroom of the Speech and Hearing Center. The faculty advisor is Mrs. Laren Mathews. Membership in the national organization is encouraged and has added benefits associated with the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association. NSSLHA's web address is www.nsslha.org or 1-800-498-2071. National dues are $60 per calendar year.  Student Academy of Audiologyhttp://www.audiology.org/education/students/SAA/Pages/default.aspx The Student Academy of Audiology is the national student organization of the American Academy of Audiology that serves as a collective voice for students and advances the rights, interests, and welfare of students pursuing careers in audiology. The SAA introduces students to lifelong involvement in activities that promote and advance the profession of audiology, and provides services, information, education, representation and advocacy for the profession and the public we serve. The faculty advisor is Dr. Amyn Amlani. For more information and application for membership go to SAA's Facebook page or e-mail saa@audiology.org. UNT Librarieshttp://www.unt.edu/library-technology.htm Library facilities at the University of North Texas function as the nerve center for teaching and academic research. In addition to a major collection of electronic journals, books and databases, five campus facilities house just under six million cataloged holdings, including books, periodicals, maps, documents, microforms, audiovisual materials, music scores, full-text journals and books.                      Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.