(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/programs/graduate/master-public-administration/graduation-and-placement'
p1
V          Graduation and Placement | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.  GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                Graduation and Placement       The Department of Public Administration has an excellent track record of placing its graduates at various levels of government. The chart below shows our graduates as of fall 2015. The majority of our graduates find employment in local governments across the United States. The Department of Public Administration is ranked best in Texas and 13th nationally by U.S. News & World Report in City Management & Urban Policy. The Department is also ranked 26th in Public Administration and Management. The following chart shows our graduates in the various local government positions where they have found employment.  Class of 2015 Positions  Planning & Zoning Coordinator   Assistant to the City Manager   Administrative Coordinator   Coordinator Community Relations   Executive Director   Management Intern   Administrative Manager   Residential Solid Waste Manager   Management Analyst   Management Intern   Crime Scene Investigator   Assistant to Director of Public Works   Program Analyst II   Student   Senior Director      Class of 2015 Employers  City of Fort Worth   City of Grand Prairie   University of North Texas   YWCA Fort Worth & Tarrant County   Nonprofit Organization   City of Lewisville   City of Brownsville Texas   City of Denton   City of Richardson   Town of Flower Mound   City of Dallas   City of Fort Worth   North Central Texas Council of Gov.   Higher Education   University of North Texas System        The Graduation Rates                                                                 Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.