(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/students/graduate/master-public-administration/admissions'
p1
V          Admissions | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management   Graduate » Graduate MPA »  MPA What's in it for me Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Degree Requirements Comprehensive Exam Internships   PhD »  PhD Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Graduate Schedules and Textbook Link                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.  GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                     Graduate MPAWhat's in it for me Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Degree Requirements Comprehensive Exam Internships  PhD Graduate Schedules and Textbook Link    AdmissionsAdmission to the MPA program is based on an assessment of an applicant's ability and potential to meet the demands of a rigorous graduate program. Each application is considered using multiple criteria, including the student's academic performance and potential, as well as other materials that you may submit to the department. The only materials required for admissions are completion of the online application form and submission of all undergraduate and graduate transcripts from previous universities and colleges. Other materials are helpful in supporting an applicant\u2019s case for admission, but are not mandatory. Such materials include GRE scores, letters of recommendation, a resume, a written essay, or other evidence that demonstrates an applicant\u2019s ability to perform satisfactory work at the graduate level. The MPA program does not offer conditional admission. The application process is detailed below. Step 1:  Submit an online application. Application for admission to the MPA program is made directly to the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies using the online form by clicking the Apply Texas link below. Be sure to select the major that says "MPA" in its title. The application fee is $75 and nonrefundable. We accept applications year-round. Students can begin their studies in fall, spring or summer. Applicants who are pursuing scholarships or awards should apply by the dates associated with particular scholarships.  https://www.applytexas.org/  Step 2:  Submit transcripts to the Toulouse Graduate School. Request official academic credentials from all colleges and universities you have attended. Official transcripts are required from every college or university you have attended. Contact the colleges and universities you have attended about their processes for providing official transcripts. If you already have a degree from the University of North Texas you are not required to provide your UNT transcript to the Toulouse Graduate School as we will be able to obtain this from the Registrar's office for you. Please send transcripts to the following:  By U.S. Postal Service:    Toulouse Graduate School    1155 Union Circle #305459     Denton, TX 76203-5017   By UPS/FedEx:    Toulouse Graduate School    1147 Union Circle, ESSC 354    Denton, TX 76203-5459  The transcripts must show you have earned a bachelor\u2019s degree from a regionally accredited institution (or equivalent). For a higher chance of successful admission, candidates usually have a minimum GPA of 3.0 in the last 60 hours of an undergraduate degree. However, graduate applicants to UNT are evaluated holistically, based on other factors in addition to undergraduate GPA.  If your undergraduate GPA is less than 3.0 for the last 60 hours of coursework, we strongly recommend the submission of additional supporting materials discussed below.  Step 3: Submit supporting materials. The submission of additional supporting materials is not mandatory, but additional materials may strengthen your case for admission. The following are examples of materials that may strengthen an application portfolio. GRE scores for all three parts of the GRE General Test (verbal, quantitative, and analytical writing) is an important way to strengthen your application. We strongly recommend the submission of GRE scores if the applicant\u2019s GPA is less than 3.0 for the last 60 hours of the undergraduate program. The GRE General Test is not required for admission to the MPA program TOEFL scores or other evidence of English proficiency (such as IELI completion) for international students. Letters of recommendation attesting to intellectual and leadership abilities. A written essay by the applicant describing career objectives and explaining how an MPA degree will help meet those objectives. A current resume showing all work experience. Other evidence that demonstrates the applicant's ability to perform satisfactory work at the graduate level. Please submit any additional materials by mail to the following address or by email to MPA Admissions. MPA Admissions Department of Public Administration University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle, #310617 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Step 4:  Consider applying for scholarships. The MPA program has several generous scholarship programs providing support ranging from $1,000 to full tuition. For students applying for scholarships, the GRE is required for many scholarship applicants. GRE scores for all three parts of the GRE General Test (verbal, quantitative, and analytical writing) should be taken. Request that official test score reports from the testing agency be sent to the Toulouse Graduate School. The UNT school code for the GRE is 6481. Step 5:  Receive admissions decision. The admissions review process begins once the application and transcripts are received. Students should inform the MPA program if they plan on submitting additional supporting materials for consideration. Once a decision is made, the Toulouse Graduate School will send notification via mail.                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.