(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/students/graduate/master-public-administration/comprehensive-exam'
p1
V          Comprehensive Exam | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management   Graduate » Graduate MPA »  MPA What's in it for me Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Degree Requirements Comprehensive Exam Internships   PhD »  PhD Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Graduate Schedules and Textbook Link                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.  GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                     Graduate MPAWhat's in it for me Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Degree Requirements Comprehensive Exam Internships  PhD Graduate Schedules and Textbook Link    Comprehensive ExamThe MPA Student Handbook Academic Year 2016-17 As the final exit requirement, students will complete a written comprehensive exam.   The next administration of the MPA comprehensive exam is on Saturday, June 10, 2017 in SAGE Hall Room 331 from 8:00 to 5:30. If you intend to take the exam, please email Dr. Brian Collins to register for it. The exam prep session is Friday, May 19 from 10:00-11:30am in Chilton 220. No registration is required to attend this meeting. The examination is comprehensive, covering seven of the core courses (not including PADM 5035 Professional Practice for Public Managers) as well as general theories, concepts, and techniques of public management. Preparation for the examination should begin with the first course the student takes. Notes taken in class and on textual material will be invaluable in preparing for the examination. Students should review the texts and articles assigned for each class as they prepare for the examination. Total reliance on notes taken several semesters ago is not recommended. Additionally, students should develop their own bibliography for the different areas of the examination. While many of the entries may be the same as those originally assigned for a particular class, useful new sources may be discovered. The inclusion of material not covered originally in class is necessary in order for the student to remain current in terms of public management knowledge and practice. Moreover, essay answers will be strengthened by bibliographic references. General Format of Comprehensive Exam One pair of questions on public administration and society. The afternoon portion of the exam requires choosing one question from each of the following sets: One pair of questions on human resources management; In all areas of the exam, students are expected to display an understanding of ethics appropriate to public service. The general guidelines for the examination and its associated procedures are provided here: The examination will be administered over an eight-hour period on a Saturday. Unless notified differently, students should plan on the exam being given on the last Saturday in September and January, as well as a Saturday in June near the start of the summer term. The examinations will be scheduled and graded to allow those students who have completed all other requirements to graduate the same semester the examination is successfully completed. Students must inform the departmental secretary of their intention to take the examination by September 1 for the fall examination, January 5 for the spring examination, and April 26 for the summer exam. Students who fail may retake the examination during a subsequent, regularly scheduled examination period. Examinations will only be given at the three scheduled times. Failure to pass the exam on the second attempt will result in dismissal from the program. Examinations will begin at 9:00 a.m. and end at 5:00 p.m. on examination days. No one will be admitted to the examination after it begins. Students will be offered a 45 minute break at 12:00 noon. Requests for exceptions to any policy must be made in writing to the MPA program coordinator at least two weeks prior to the examination date.                        Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.