(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/students/graduate/master-public-administration/degree-requirements'
p1
V          Degree Requirements | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management   Graduate » Graduate MPA »  MPA What's in it for me Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Degree Requirements Comprehensive Exam Internships   PhD »  PhD Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Graduate Schedules and Textbook Link                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.  GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                     Graduate MPAWhat's in it for me Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Degree Requirements Comprehensive Exam Internships  PhD Graduate Schedules and Textbook Link    Degree RequirementsThe MPA Student Handbook Academic Year 2016-17 The MPA program has two components: The program core consisting of eight required courses that provide the basic concepts and methods of public administration plus, for pre-career students, an internship. The program furthermore consists of a set of electives suited to the student's career interests or an optional specialization designed to develop expertise in a particular substantive area. The number of courses taken will vary according to the student's admission category: Pre-Career Core courses 24 hours Electives/Specialization courses 15 hours Internship course 3 hours In-Career Core courses 24 hours Electives/Specialization courses 15 hours Mid-Career Core courses 24 hours Electives/Specialization courses 12 hours Core Courses PADM 5010 Public Administration and Society PADM 5020 Leading and Managing Public Organizations PADM 5030 Managing Human Resources PADM 5035 Professional Practice for Public Managers PADM 5400 Managing Financial Resources PADM 5420 Revenue Policy and Administration PADM 5500 Administrative Research Methods I PADM 5510 Administrative Research Methods II Classes are usually offered in the afternoons and evenings.  Electives and Specializations Students may select from a variety of electives or pursue a specialization. A custom specialization may be designed to fit individual career objectives from courses offered at the University of North Texas, subject to departmental approval. Your major professor or the MPA program director can assist you with course selection. Specializations include: Emergency Management, Financial Management, Local Government Management, Nonprofit Management, Human Resources Management. Internship for Pre-career Students An internship provides an opportunity for students with no government experience to apply what has been learned in the classroom and to develop professional skills that cannot be obtained elsewhere. In most cases, students complete a paid internship with a government agency or nonprofit organization. When the student is ready to begin an internship, the internship coordinator will assist in identifying job possibilities. Checklist for Completing the MPA Program Below are a number of actions that must be completed prior to graduating with an MPA. Degree Plan: Completed no later than the end of the first semester.                      42 Hour Degree Plan (Internship) Application for Graduation: Filed with the Graduate School by the date specified on the Academic Calendar. (See page 35 of this Handbook for a program calendar.) Course Substitutions: All deviations from the degree plan must be approved by the major professor. The major professor will send a memo to the Graduate School amending the degree plan to indicate what substitutions should be made. Internships  A grade of incomplete ("I") is given for PADM 5810 until:   All evaluation forms are received; All required papers from the student are completed and submitted; Completion of at least 440 hours of an internship. (It may last longer.)  After completing the internship, it is the student's responsibility to have the "Request to Remove I Grade/Change of Grade" form signed by the instructor who taught the course before the deadline for graduation applications. The department will send the "Request to Remove I Grade/Change of Grade" form to the Graduate School.  Comprehensive Exam: The student is responsible for taking the comprehensive exam at the appropriate time. Students wishing to take the exam must have completed at least 30 hours of their graduate degree program and all core courses except PADM 5035. The student must notify the department office of his/her intent to take the scheduled exam. Students graduating who plan to attend the graduation ceremony are responsible for ordering their regalia from the University Store.                        Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.