(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/students/graduate/phd-in-public-administration/financial-support'
p1
V          Financial Support | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management   Graduate » Graduate MPA »  MPA What's in it for me Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Degree Requirements Comprehensive Exam Internships   PhD »  PhD Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Graduate Schedules and Textbook Link                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.  GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                     Graduate MPAWhat's in it for me Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Degree Requirements Comprehensive Exam Internships  PhDAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Graduate Schedules and Textbook Link    Financial SupportNewell Fellowships Available for Fall 2017 The Department of Public Administration at the University of North Texas is excited and proud to announce that it is seeking three well-qualified applicants for the Newell Fellows program to begin in Fall 2017.  Newell Fellows work toward their PhD in Public Administration while completing important research projects with the department\u2019s world-class faculty and assisting with course instruction.   This exciting new program \u2013 named for a renowned scholar in the field and former UNT professor \u2013 provides financial support for the tuition and fees associated with attending the PhD program full time and a stipend for living costs.  Newell Fellows are selected on a competitive basis in the Spring of each year from among applicants who will start the PhD program the following Fall semester. Applications should be submitted by February 1, and must include GRE scores.  This is an exciting time to earn a PhD at UNT, and we would be happy to discuss how a Newell Fellowship could help make that a reality for you!  Please feel free to contact us for more information. Please stop by or call:                                         Or reach us by mail: Department of Public Administration                       Department of Public Administration University of North Texas                                       University of North Texas Chilton Hall, Room 204                                          1155 Union Circle 310617 940-565-2165                                                       Denton, TX 76203   Visit us on the web for the latest updates:    padm.hps.unt.edu Or email your interest and questions to us:  phd.padm@unt.edu BACKGROUND The Department of Public Administration partners with the Toulouse Graduate School and the College of Health and Public Service (HPS) to support the Newell Fellows program each year. Resources for the programs are made possible in part by a generous gift to the Department by the late Regents Professor Emerita Charldean Newell, a former faculty member at the University of North Texas.  Dr. Newell served on the faculty of UNT for 37 years, authoring or co-authoring four books and more than 50 articles.  Dr. Newell earned a bachelor\u2019s degree in journalism and a master\u2019s degree in government from UNT before completing her PhD at the University of Texas at Austin.  She then joined the faculty of UNT, first in the Department of Political Science, where she served as chair, and starting in 1992, in the newly established Department of Public Administration.  She also served UNT as Associate Vice President for Academic Affairs, Assistant to the Chancellor for Planning, and in the UNT Senate. Dr. Newell served on the national council of the National Association of Schools of Public Affairs and Administration and two sections of the American Society of Public Administration.  She received three important national recognitions: the Elmer Staats Career Public Service Award from National Association of Schools of Public Affairs and Administration from NASPAA, honorary membership in the International City/County Management Association, and election as a fellow of the National Academy of Public Administration.  She taught and published in the areas of personnel administration, local government management, and Texas politics.  At UNT, she received a Special Recognition Award on Honors Day, The President\u2019s Council Service Award, the Hiram Friedsam Award, and the Dean\u2019s Award from the School of Community Service. In the community, she served as the Chair of the Denton Public Utilities Board, president of the Denton Christian Pre-school, chair of Denton Fire and Police Civil Commission, Senior Warden at the St. Barnabas Episcopal Church, and on the Executive Committee Diocese of Dallas.  She passed away November 22, 2014. Major funding for the programs is also provided by the Graduate School and allocated by the College, and students must meet all requirements of these program partners to qualify. Please note that funding is contingent on availability and requires that students successfully meet all obligations of the university, department, and program, as well as any stipulations of the Newell Fellows program.                        Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.