(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/news'
p1
V          News | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.  GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                News          MPA Student Wins Graduate Award   Thursday, May 4th, 2017   Congratulations to 1st year MPA student, Lindsay Jacques, who was awarded the 2017 Graduate Scholarship by Women in Public Finance, Texas Chapter (TWPF). The TWPF Scholarship program is in its 2nd yea...   Tags: MPA News   Read More     The North Texan's Alumni Profile: TC Broadnax, Dallas City Manager   Thursday, April 6th, 2017   In the current issue of The North Texan, UNT's publication which showcases the accomplishments of its graduates, there is an Alumni Profile of TC Broadnax. Broadnax is the new Dallas City Manager, who...   Tags: MPA News, Alumni News   Read More     PhD Student Wins ASPA Dissertation Award and Fellowship   Thursday, March 23rd, 2017   Congratulations to Orkhan Ismayilov. His dissertation proposal, \u201cEffect of Natural Disasters on Economy: Growth in the Green Job Sector in Local Governments\u201d has won the Third Annual Dissertation Awar...   Tags: PhD News   Read More     Newest PhD Alumni, Dr. Laura Keyes   Thursday, December 15th, 2016   Congratulations to Laura Marie Keyes for successfully defending her dissertation \u201cAge Friendly Cities: The Bureaucratic Responsiveness Factors of Age Friendly Policy Adoption.\u201d Her well-polished and t...   Tags: PhD News   Read More     MPA Alumnus Tapped to be Dallas City Manager   Friday, December 9th, 2016   Congrats to UNT alumnus T.C. Broadnax, who is the sole finalist to become Dallas city manager, as confirmed by news outlets such as WFAA and...   Tags: MPA News, PhD News   Read More     Congratulations to 2017 ASPA Founders Fellows!   Thursday, December 8th, 2016   Congratulations to PhD student Orkhan Ismayilov and to Dr. Michael Overton (alumnus 2015) for being selected as 2017 ASPA Founders Fellows. The award comes with trip expenses being paid for the Nation...   Tags: PhD News, MPA News   Read More     Congratulations to Dr. Jung Wook Kim!   Tuesday, December 6th, 2016   A hearty congratulations to Dr. Jung Wook Kim who successfully defended his dissertation entitled: The Civic Roles of Neighborhood Associations in Seoul, Korea: Implications for Urban Governance.  The...   Tags: PhD News   Read More     Congratulations to newest PhD Alumna, Dr. Jesseca Short!   Thursday, June 23rd, 2016   It is a pleasure and privilege to announce that Jesseca Short successfully defended her dissertation this afternoon.  Her dissertation was \u201cAn Analysis of the Economic and Institutional Factors Affect...   Tags: PhD News   Read More     Dr. Lisa Dicke Graduates from UNT Leadership Fellows Program   Tuesday, May 10th, 2016     Congratulations to Dr. Lisa Dicke for having graduated from the UNT Leadership Fellows program. The leadership program prepares future UNT administrators by exposing them to various higher education...   Tags: MPA News, PhD News   Read More     Dr. Amina Sillah, New Alumna   Thursday, April 21st, 2016   Congratulations to Dr. Amina Sillah, (PADM PhD, 2016) on the successful defense of her dissertation today! Amina\u2019s...   Tags: PhD News   Read More    Pages123456next \u203alast »                        Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.