(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/alumni/phd/david-wachira'
p1
V          David Wachira | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                David Wachira       Specialization:  Financial Management Publications Wachira, David. \u201cOverlooking Organizational Culture: Problems in Analyzing the Success and Failures of E-Government in Developing Countries\u201d in Kelvin Bwalya (Ed.) Handbook of Research on E-Government in Emerging Economies: Adoption, E-Participation, and Legal Framework (2012). Wachira, David and Arlikatti, Sudha. \u201cChallenges of Effective E-Governance: Problems of Transparency, Infrastructure and Connectivity in Kenya\u201d in Christopher Reddick (Ed.) Comparative E-Government: An Examination of E-Government Across Countries (2010). Arlikatti, Sudha, Wachira, David, and Gregory, Sarah. \u201cCommunity Policing in India: Transparency through E Governance\u201d in Christopher Reddick (Ed.) Citizens and E-Government: Evaluating Policy and Management (2010). Dissertation Title \u201cThe Interactive Effect of Fund Balance and Revenue Diversification on Local Government Fiscal Sustainability\u201d                                  Completed:  August 2013 Research Interests Public finance, economic development, public management Conference Presentations (2012) the 70th Annual Meeting of the Midwest Political Science Association, \u201cLocal Government Fiscal Sustainability: Understanding the Linkages between Macro-Economic Conditions and Tools of Local Government Action.\u201d (2011) Annual Meeting of the Western Political Science Association, \u201cLocal Government Fiscal Sustainability;\u201d the 2011 Southern Political Science Conference, \u201cThe Non-Linear Dynamics of Local Government Outsourcing\u201d with Skip Krueger, Robert Walker, and Somporn Khunwishit. (2010) the 82nd Annual Meeting of theSouthern Political Science Association, \u201cLocal Government Fiscal Health: Understanding the Linkages between Macro-Economic Conditions and Local Administrative Choices\u201d with Skip Krueger. Professional Associations Midwest Political Science Association (MPSA), Southern Political Science Association (SPSA) Western Political Science Association (WPSA)                                                                                                                                                              Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.