(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/alumni/phd/ekong-peters'
p1
V          Ekong Peters | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                Ekong Peters       Specialization:  Emergency Management Publications McEntire, David A., Souza, Jill, Collins, Matthew, Peters, Ekong J., and Sadiq, Abdul-Akeem. \u201cAn Introspective Glance into Damage Assessment:  Challenges and Lessons Learned from the Paso Robles (San Simone) Earthquake\u201d  Natural Hazards (2012). Urby Jr., Heriberto, McEntire, David A., and Peters, Ekong J. \u201cPeru:  An Andean Country with Unpredictable Emergency Management Challenges\u201d in David A. McEntire (Ed.) \u201cComparative Emergency Management:  Understanding Disaster Policies, Organizations, and Initiatives from around the World (2011). McEntire, David A., Crocker, Colleen G., and Peters, Ekong J. \u201cAddressing Vulnerability Through An Integrated Approach\u201d  International Journal of Disaster Resilience in the Built Environment (2010). Peters, Ekong J. and McEntire, David A. \u201cEmergency Management in Australia:  An Innovative, Progressive and Committed Sector\u201d in David A. McEntire (Ed.) Comparative Emergency Management:  Understanding Disaster Policies, Organizations, and Initiatives from around the World (2010). Dissertation Title  "Exploring Spontaneous Planning during the April 3, 2012 Tornadoes that Hit the Dallas-Fort Worth Region\u201d                                   Completion:  August 2014                           Research Interests Spontaneous planning, vulnerability, and housing disaster victims Conference Presentations (2012) Mitigation Conference of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Region 6, \u201cExploring Motivational Behavior Contributing To Helping Hurricane Katrina Survivors.\u201d (2005) Midwest Political Science Association, 63rd Annual National Conference, \u201cGive War a Chance Revisited:  The Effect of Non-Intervention on Peace Duration\u201d with Anne Etienne. Professional Associations American Society for Public Administration (ASPA), American Political Science Association (APSA), Midwest Political Science Association (MPSA)                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.