(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/alumni/phd/kyujin-jung'
p1
V          Kyujin Jung | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                Kyujin Jung       Specialization: City Management and Urban Policy Publications Kim, Jung Wook and Kyujin Jung. \u201cDoes Civic Engagement Resolve Accountability Dilemmas in Local Governance?\u201d International Journal of Policy Studies (2013). Jung, Kyujin, Inseok Seo, & Hee Soun Jang. \u201cSustainability of Social Enterprise: Evidences from the Resource Dependence Theory\u201d Korean Policy Studies Review  (2013). Jung, Kyujin, Inseok Seo, & Younghwe Kim. \u201cEvidence-based Policy Framework Utilizing the System Dynamics and Demographical Factors\u201d Journal of Policy Analysis and Evaluation (2012). Kim, Younghwe, Kyujin Jung, & Byeonghun Lee. \u201cThe Governance Structure and Performance of Local Public Enterprises\u201d Journal of Local Public Enterprises  (2011). Yun, Eunsik, Kyujin Jung, & Moon-Gi Jeong. \u201cThe Collaborative Actor-Network of the Resident Self-Activity Center under Korean Local Governments\u201d Korean Local Administration Review (2011). Jung, Kyujin, Moon-Gi Jeong, & Jin-Reol Kim. \u201cThe Industrial Innovation Cluster for the Small and Medium Business in the Seoul Metropolitan Area\u201d Korean Public Administration Journal (2010). Jung, Kyujin and Moon-Gi Jeong. \u201cUrban Collaborative Network for the Great-Sphere Economic Policy: Focusing on the Korean Southeastern Economic Area\u201d Korean Policy Studies Review (2010). Jung, Kyujin. \u201cBusiness Retention System for Regional Economic Development\u201d Korean Small and Medium Business Studies Review (2009). Jung, Kyujin and Moon-Gi Jeong. \u201cCitizen Satisfaction for the Green Parking Service in the Seoul Metropolitan Area\u201d Korean Local Government Studies Review (2008).   Jung, Kyujin, Simon A. Andrew, & Wei-Ning Wu. \u201cIn-house Provision of Emergency Services: A Test of Organizational Capacity Hypothesis\u201d International Review of Public Administration (forthcoming). Cho, Seong Eun, Kyujin Jung, and Han Woo Park. \u201cSocial Media Use During the 2011 Japan Earthquake: How Twitter Transforms the Locus of Crisis Communication\u201d Media International Australia (forthcoming). Dissertation Title  \u201cBuilding a Resilient Organization: A Test of the Bonding and Bridging Effects"                                    Completion: May 2015. Research interests Collaborative governance, urban economic development, and social network analysis Conference Presentations  (2014) Urban Affairs Association (UAA) Annual Meeting, \u201cSocial Media Use for Building a Safe City: Following the 2013 Seoul Floods,\u201d with Ji Won Kim and Younghee Kim. (2013) Annual Conference of the Southeastern Conference for Public Administration (SECoPA), \u201cBuilding Collaborative Emergency Management: Interorganizational Engagements and Network Resilience\u201d with Minsun Song and Richard Feiock; the Asia Triple Helix Society Summer Seminar Korea, \u201cMapping e-Participation in Government 2.0: the Webometrics Approach to Policy Analysis and Management\u201d with Se Jung Park and Han Woo Park; Annual Conference of the Urban Affairs Association (UAA), \u201cBuilding Regional Resiliency: a Test Of Bonding and Bridging Effects\u201d with Simon A. Andrew and Sudha Arlikatti; Annual Conference of the American Society for Public Administration (ASPA), \u201cCollaborative Emergency Management in South Korea: Regional Integration through Interorganizational Networks\u201d with Simon A. Andrew and Sudha Arlikatti; Annual Conference of the American Society for Public Administration (ASPA), \u201cAccountability Dilemmas in Participatory Governance\u201d with Myeongjung Kwon; \u201cGovernment-Driven Social Enterprise: A Case Study of South Korea\u201d with Hee Soun Jang. (2012) Annual Conference of the Association for Research on Nonprofit Organizations and Voluntary Action (ARNOVA), \u201cNonprofit IT innovations: from Experience of Early 2000\u2019s\u201d with Hee Soun Jang and Amina Sillah; Annual Conference of the Urban Affairs Association (UAA), \u201cWhat Explains Small and Medium Size Companies\u2019 Decisions to Support Government-Sponsored Collaborative Initiatives?\u201d; Annual Conference of the American Society for Public Administration (ASPA), \u201cThe Dynamics of Local Service Production Choices: Trend Analyses of Provision and Production Decisions\u201d with Hee Soun Jang.  Professional Associations American Society of Public Administration (ASPA)Urban Affair Association (UAA)Korean Association of Public Administration (KAPA)                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.