(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/alumni/phd/laurie-constance-long'
p1
V          Laurie Constance Long | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                Laurie Constance Long        Specialization:  Urban Management Publications Kendra, James M., McEntire, David A., Davidson, Rachel, Li, Sizheng, Scawthorn, Charles, Long, Laurie C., and Kelly, Josh.  \u201cSan Bruno, California September 9, 2010 Gas Pipeline Explosion and Fire\u201d NSF Rapid Grant Report (2012). Kendra, James M., McEntire, David A., Davidson, Rachel, Li, Sizheng, Scawthorn, Charles, Long, Laurie C., and Kelly, Josh.  \u201cSan Bruno, California September 9, 2010 Gas Pipeline Explosion and Fire\u201d Disaster Research Center Report (2012). Arlikatti, Sudha, Andrew, Simon A., Kendra, James M., and Long, Laurie C. \u201cThe Effect of Housing Assistance Arrangements on Household Recovery: An Empirical Test of Donor-Assisted and Owner-Driven Approaches\u201d Journal of Housing and Built Environment (forthcoming).  Arlikatti, Sudha, Bezboruah, Karabi, and Long, Laurie C.  \u201cRole of the Voluntary Sector in Tsunami Disaster Relief in Southern India:   Compensating or Complementing?\u201d Social Development Issues (forthcoming).  Collins, Brian and Long, Laurie C.  \u201cVolunteerism in the Time of Economic Restructuring: Does Underemployment Affect Volunteering.\u201d Nonprofit and Voluntary Sector Quarterly (under review).  McEntire, David A., Kendra, James M., Kelly, Josh, and Long, Laurie C. \u201cSpontaneous Planning in the San Bruno Gas Pipeline Explosion: A Case Study of Anticipation and Improvisation during Response Operations\u201d Journal of Homeland Security and Emergency Management (under review).  Dissertation Title:  Drilling Down Natural Gas Well Permitting Policy:  Examining the Effects of Institutional Arrangements on Citizen Participation and Policy Outcomes\u201d                                   Completed: August 2013. Research Interests Urban policy analysis, emergency management, nonprofit organizations Conference Presentations  (2012) Southeastern Conference for Public Administration (SECoPA), \u201cNatural Gas Well Siting:  A Theoretical Framework for Examining Institutional Effects on Citizen Participation;\u201d American Society for Public Administration (ASPA), \u201cNatural Gas Well Siting:  Drilling Down Environmental Justice Issues.\u201d  (2011) Southeastern Conference for Public Administration (SECoPA), \u201cDrilling Down Environmental Justice Issues:  A Case Study of Natural Gas Drilling in Flower Mound, Texas;\u201d FEMA Region VI Annual Mitigation Conference, \u201cThe San Bruno Gas Pipeline Explosion:  A Case Study of Spontaneous Planning and Adaption\u201d with David A. McEntire; Western Political Science Association (WPSA), \u201cVolunteerism in the Time of Economic Restructuring: Does Underemployment Affect Volunteering?\u201d with Brian Collins. (2010) Association for Research of Nonprofit Organizations and Voluntary Action (ARNOVA), \u201cRole of the Voluntary Sector in Tsunami Disaster Relief in Southern India:   Compensating or Complementing?\u201dwith Sudha Arlikatti and Karabi Bezboruah; Association of Collegiate Schools of Planning (ACSP), \u201cHousing Recovery after 2004 Tsunami:  Change as Perceived by Displaced and Non-Displaced Households" with Sudha Arlikatti, Simon A. Andrew, and James M. Kendra; National Association of Schools of Public Affairs and Administration (NASPAA), \u201cPreserving Quality in Times of Fiscal Austerity: A Case Study of a PhD Program\u201d with Robert Bland, Lisa Dicke, and Vaida Maleckaite.  Professional Associations American Society for Public Administration (ASPA), Texas Association of Former Municipal Officers                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.