(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/alumni/phd/rejina-manandhar'
p1
V          Rejina Manandhar | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                Rejina Manandhar        Specialization: Emergency Management  Dissertation Title:  "Return-Entry Risk Communication Following 2012 Hurricane Sandy"                                   Completed:  Fall 2015 Research Interests:  Emergency management, risk communication, return-entry Publications Rejina Manandhar and McEntire, D. \u201cDisasters, Development, and Resilience: Exploring the Need for Comprehensive Vulnerability Management.\u201dIn Kapucu, N. & Liou, T. K. (Eds.) Disaster and Development: Examining Global Issues and Cases. New York, NY: Springer. pp.19-37 (2014). Siebeneck, L.K., Gaston, R., Byerly, A., Rejina Manandhar and Samuel, C. \u201cTexas Tornado Hazard Analysis.\u201d Report prepared for the Texas Department of Public Safety Division of Emergency Services (2014).  Conference Presentations (2014) The 39th Annual Natural Hazards Research and Applications Workshop, Poster presentation: \u201cProtective Action Adoption during the 2012 West Nile Outbreak, Broomfield, Colorado, June 22-25. Annual Meeting of the Urban Affairs Association (UAA), Research presented on panel discussion: \u201cRisk Perception and Protective Action Adoption: The Case of 2012 West Nile Outbreak", San Antonio, TX, March 19-22. (2013) American Society of Public Administration (ASPA), "Disasters, Development and Resilience: Exploring the Need for Risk Reduction and Capacity Building\u201d with David A. McEntire. Professional Associations American Society of Public Administration (ASPA)ASPA Section on Emergency and Crisis Management (SECM)Urban Affairs Association (UAA)                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.