(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/alumni/phd/vaida-maleckaite'
p1
V          Vaida Maleckaite | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                Vaida Maleckaite        Specialization:  Financial Management Publications   Benavides, A.D., Dicke, L.A., and Maleckaite, V. \u201cCreating Public Sector Pedestals and Examining Falls From Grace\u201d International Journal of Public Administration (2012). Krueger, S. and Maleckaite, V. \u201cThe Great Recession's Impact on Big City Budgets in the United States: Dallas, TX\u201d Municipal Finance Journal (2011). Dissertation Title \u201cStrategic Path to Fiscal Sustainability: Revenue Diversification and the Use of Debt by U.S. Municipal Governments\u201d                                Defended: May 2012. Research Interests Government debt and municipal bond markets, revenue diversification and portfolio theory, financial regulation Conference Presentations/Workshops (2012) Midwest Political Science Association Conference (MPSA), \u201cStrategic Path to Fiscal Sustainability: Two Studies of U.S. Municipal Governments;\u201d Southern Political Science Association Conference (SPSA), \u201cIn Search of Fiscal Balance: Revenue Diversification and the Use of GO Debt among U.S. Municipal Governments.\u201d (2011) Western Political Science Association Conference (WPSA), \u201cRevenue Diversification and the Use of GO Debt: A Panel Study of Massachusetts Municipal Governments\u201d with Skip Krueger. (2010) National Association of Schools of Public Affairs and Administration Conference (NASPAA), \u201cPreserving Quality in Times of Fiscal Austerity: A Case Study of a PhD Program\u201d with Robert L. Bland, Lisa A. Dicke, and Laurie C. Long. (2004) Institute of Humane Studies at George Mason University, \u201cLiberty and Current Issues\u201d (Public Policy Workshop Participant). Professional Associations Midwest Political Science Association (MPSA), the Econometric Society Classes Taught PADM 3000 Introduction to Public Administration PADM 3410 Financial Aspects of Government                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.