(S'http://padm.hps.unt.edu/giving/scholarship-information'
p1
V          Scholarship Information | Public Administration                                Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Programs »  Programs Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Schedules and Textbooks   Graduate »  Graduate Master of Public Administration »  Master of Public Administration What's in it for me? Graduation and Placement Admissions Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Internships Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements   PhD in Public Administration »  PhD in Public Administration Admission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms   Schedules and Textbooks     Students »  Students Scholarships »  Scholarships Public Administration   Careers Student Associations »  Student Associations PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students »  PhD Student Association and Outstanding Students Constitution   PASA     Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty by Research Areas Recent Research   News »  News Calendar   Contact Us Alumni »  Alumni Ph.D. »  Ph.D. Alican Kapti Ashley English Carlos Samuel David Wachira Ekong Peters Eliot Jennings Hassan Abdulqadir M Taibah Huseyin Akdogan Jacqueline C. Harvey Kyujin Jung Laurie Constance Long Marina Saitgalina Michael Overton Rejina Manandhar Saleh Mohammad Alhumaid Sebahattin Gultekin Siddik Ekici Sinan Ulkemen Siwaporn Chaicharoen Vaida Maleckaite Wei-Liang Lung Wei-Ning Wu Xiangyu Li Kraiwuth Jaikampan Kraiwuth Jaikampan   MPA   Giving »  Giving Three Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information   Center for Public Management                 Public Administration         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                   University of North Texas Public Administration              Home ProgramsUndergraduateSchedules and Textbooks  GraduateMaster of Public AdministrationWhat's in it for me? Admissions Graduation and Placement Scholarships Tuition and Fees Degree Specializations Comprehensive Exam Degree Requirements Internships  PhD in Public AdministrationAdmission Requirements Financial Support Degree Requirements Forms  Schedules and Textbooks   StudentsScholarshipsPublic Administration  Careers Student AssociationsPASA PhD Student Association and Outstanding StudentsConstitution    Faculty & StaffFaculty by Research Areas Recent Research  NewsCalendar  Contact Us AlumniMPA Ph.D.  GivingThree Ways to Give Make An Online Gift Scholarship Information  Center for Public Management                Scholarship Information       What Scholarship and Award Funds Does the Department of Public Administration Support? MPA ALUMNI SCHOLARSHIPS. (76535)These awards provide up to $1,000 for tuition and fees for four semesters to qualified full-time MPA students. The award is distributed in equal increments over two semesters and is renewable based on performance in the MPA program and potential as a future public manager. Since its launching in 1994, 86 students have been awarded MPA Alumni Scholarships. In addition, for students receiving no other financial aid from the department, this fund provides $200 toward tuition and fees for the first semester. DEBRA BROOKS FEAZELLE INTERNSHIP AWARD. (794) This award was established to honor Debbie Feazelle\u2019s service to Texas cities by providing a partially funded internship for qualifying MPA students. During her 28-year career, Ms. Feazelle served a number of Texas cities as finance director, assistant city manager, deputy city manager, and city manager. She passed away in February 2010 after a 16-yeare battle with breast cancer. Recipients of this internship award must be enrolled full-time in the MPA program and must possess exceptional potential for leadership in city government or the nonprofit sector. The employer, if financially capable, provides a partial match to the award. Interns will receive this award as hourly compensation during the duration of their employment. E. RAY GRIFFIN SCHOLARSHIP. (306) Established in 1995 by former students of Dr. Griffin's, this endowed scholarship recognizes the many contributions of this teacher and mentor. Dr. Griffin, who taught at UNT from 1947 to 1982, was involved in the MPA program's creation in 1961. In addition to receiving the income from the endowment, annually about $750, the E. Ray Griffin scholar receives an MPA Alumni Scholarship. Since 1996, ten MPA students have been selected as E. Ray Griffin Scholars. CHARLDEAN NEWELL AWARD. (652) Established in 2002 on her retirement after 37 years of service to UNT by friends and former students, this award honors Dr. Newell\u2019s pioneering contributions to the study and practice of public administration. Income from this endowed account helps advance the professional opportunities for qualified MPA students. Dr. Newell retired from UNT in August 2002 as a Regents Professor of Public Administration. CHESTER A. NEWLAND COLLOQUIUM. (350) Established in 1996 by friends and former students, this endowed fund recognizes this noted scholar, public administrator, and former faculty member and departmental chair at UNT. Income from this endowment provides an honorarium for the speaker at the annual MPA Alumni-Student Luncheon. EXCELLENCE FUND. (67622) This fund supports our collective efforts to move the MPA program to even greater national prominence, including sending a representative to national meetings, not otherwise supported by the university, defraying the cost of publishing the annual newsletter, and other initiatives that market the program and its contributions to preparing qualified leaders for service in the public, nonprofit, and private sectors. BLAND PROFESSORSHIP IN LOCAL GOVERNMENT. (77435)                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Room 204 410 Avenue C Denton, Texas 76201          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2165 Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 04, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 04, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.