(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/programs-rehabilitation'
p1
V                   Programs in Rehabilitation | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Programs in Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation        Programs in Rehabilitation Our department has a rich history of providing quality rehabilitation education, research, training and service to a diverse group of students. While the name has changed over the years, the commitment to ensure people with disabilities receive excellent services from competent professionals has remained steadfast. If you are looking for a career working with individuals with disabilities and substance use disorders, we offer the following degrees:  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling  Our program is currently accredited by the Council on Rehabilitation Education (CORE) and with the merging of CORE and the Council for Acreditation of Counseling and Related Education Programs (CACREP) will be accredited by CACREP starting July 2017.     B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies   M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling   Minors in Rehabilitation and Addiction Studies   Certificates in Rehabilitation     Is there a spark inside of you that ignites at the thought of positively impacting another\u2019s life? Does the idea of a career in empowering individuals with disabilities and addiction inspire you? Our department is comprised of community engaged academics\u2014an education that reaches beyond the classroom and into the community. We prepare rehabilitation professionals through a  progressive undergraduate program in Rehabilitation Studies, a top-ranked graduate program in Rehabilitation Counseling  and with minors and certificates.  Our alumni enter the work force prepared to provide individuals with  physical or cognitive disabilities,  mental health issues and/or substance use  disorders the tools to maintain an independent, functioning and self-sustaining life.  A diverse group of individuals enter our programs as students and graduate into various careers such as job coaches, rehabilitation counselors, employment specialists and substance use and recovery treatment professionals.   If you have something to offer individuals with disabilities or substance use disorders, our department can offer you the building blocks to get there. With more than a 90% employment rate post master\u2019s program graduation, hands-on experience and a  diverse and exceptional faculty, you will be prepared to start making a true,  positive change in the lives of others. LET YOUR SPARK BECOME A FLAME.                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.