(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/unt-history-department-disability-and-addiction-rehabilitation'
p1
V                   UNT | History | Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Our Department has a Rich History... ...of providing quality rehabilitation education, research, training and service to a diverse group of students. While the name has changed over the years, the commitment to ensure people with disabilities receive excellent services from competent professionals has remained steadfast.       Updating Practitioners   What eventually became the Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation was first established in 1967 as the Center for Rehabilitation Studies (CRS). At this time, the primary purpose of the center was to provide continuing education to rehabilitation facility personnel under a federally funded grant from the Rehabilitation Services Administration (RSA). While the department has grown and transformed over the years, UNT continues to be a leader in providing furthered education to rehabilitation professionals since its inception. With funding from the Texas Developmental Disabilities Council (TDDC), Texas WorkNet was developed in 1988, providing supported employment training to providers all over Texas. In 1990, UNT received a grant from RSA to provide supported employment training to providers within the five-state region. In 1995, UNT collaborated with the University of Arkansas to develop the first regional continuing education program for community providers. In 2008, the department launched University of North Texas Workplace Inclusion & Sustainable Employment (UNTWISE), a continuing education program for rehabilitation practitioners in a variety of settings. In 2010, the Department of Assistive and Rehabilitative Services (DARS) contracted with UNTWISE to develop online training that is required for all Employment Service Providers (ESP) in Texas. In addition, UNTWISE offers approximately 40 contact hours annually of continuing education through webinars and online courses on current topics in the field.   Developing Competent Professionals   In 1972, RSA funded an undergraduate rehabilitation program at UNT. The original 18-hour semester program was initially listed as a psychology degree with a rehabilitation minor. In 1977, the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board approved a Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences in rehabilitation and the first student graduated with this degree in August, 1978. More than 35 years later, this is a vibrant degree with over 175 majors. In 1998, we began offering a minor in addiction studies. This remains a strong emphasis in our academic program. In 1978, the coordinating board approved a master\u2019s in rehabilitation services administration with major concentrations in vocational evaluation, work adjustment and rehabilitation administration. A concentration in rehabilitation counseling was approved in 1980. In 1999, we entered into a Consortium for Distance Education in Rehabilitation (CDER) with San Diego State University and Georgie State and began offering one of the first fully online master\u2019s programs in rehabilitation counseling in the U.S. To date, we have graduated over 500 master\u2019s level students. We continue to have a strong on-campus program as well as a challenging online program.   Promoting Best Practices in Service   In 1975, CRS received funding from the Texas Rehabilitation Commission (TRC, now the Department of Assistive and Rehabilitative Services, DARS) to renovate Oak Street Hall to provide a hands-on laboratory for students involved in the rehabilitation academic programs. The state-of-the-art Vocational Evaluation Center was developed, as well as a work adjustment program. In 1989, TRC provided start-up money to develop the first supported employment program for individuals with psychiatric disabilities in the state. In 1990, CRS received funding for a project with industry grant that was designed to provide employment assistance to individuals 55 and over who had some type of disability. The grant continued until 1995 when funding was limited to large metropolitan areas. We began offering biofeedback training and in 1992, the Texas Council on Alcohol and Drug Abuse provided start-up money for neurofeedback research and training for those with substance abuse and other disabilities. Subsequently, the department\u2019s neurotherapy lab became nationally known for its educational and clinical programs in Neurofeedback. In 2009, Meadows Foundation provided seed money for Job Fit, an employment program to assist persons with psychiatric disabilities.   Research and Knowledge Translation   Throughout its history, the department has been involved in cutting edge research that enhances services for people with disabilities. However, the focus has always been on including the end user while ensuring a holistic approach. Research has been conducted on the impact of biofeedback/neurofeedback, wellness, supported employment, multiculturalism, professionalism, transition and psychiatric rehabilitation, just to name a few topics.                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.