(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/accreditation-and-ranking'
p1
V                    Accreditation and Ranking | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Accreditation and Ranking The Council on Rehabilitation Education (CORE) accredits both our undergraduate and graduate programs. CORE accreditation provides affirmation that education programs are evaluated against nationally accepted standards and program graduates are prepared for workplace entry.       About CORE CORE is a specialized accreditation organization, recognized by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA). CORE is a member of the Association of Specialized and Professional Accreditors (ASPA) and accredits programs that provide academic preparation for a variety of professional rehabilitation counseling positions. History of CORE Rehabilitation professionals formed CORE in 1971. CORE represented five professional rehabilitation organizations: American Rehabilitation Association (ARA), formerly the International Association of Rehabilitation Facilities American Rehabilitation Counseling Association (ARCA) Council of State Administrators of Vocational Rehabilitation (CSAVR) National Council on Rehabilitation Education (NCRE), formerly the Council of Rehabilitation Counselor Educators National Rehabilitation Counseling Association (NRCA) The Purpose and Practice of CORE Each new rehabilitation counseling program is assessed following the standards for rehabilitation counselor education programs, published by CORE and accredited programs are regularly reviewed. The mission of CORE is to accredit rehabilitation counseling programs across the country in providing the highest standards of rehabilitation services to individuals with disabilities.   Ranking U.S. News and World Report ranks our graduate program as number fifteen in the country for rehabilitation counseling and number one in Texas. Take a look here!                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.