(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/undergraduate-program-outcomes'
p1
V                   Undergraduate Program Outcomes | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Undergraduate Program Outcomes        In order to foster continued public awareness and confidence about academic quality the following updated information is routinely provided to the public regarding the program's performance.    1) Student Retention Rate, Including the Number of Students Enrolled in the Major and Graduate Each Year During the Previous Three-Year Period AY 2012 \u2013 222 majors/53 graduates AY 2013 \u2013 254 majors/56 graduates AY 2014 \u2013 212 majors/89 graduates   2) Average Number of Semesters, Quarters or Trimesters Necessary to Complete the Program After Declaring the Major (Excluding General Education Requirements and Minor Course Work) Over the Previous Three-Year Period 3 semesters    Financial Information 3) Estimated Cost of Tuition and Fees Per Term Approximately $4,700 (full time; 12-15 hours) 4) Available Financial Aid Sources for Students at the University From http://financialaid.unt.edu/overview-financial-aid-process: Grants A grant is a type of need-based aid that does not have to be repaid. Your financial need is determined by the FAFSA. Many federal, state and institutional grants are available at UNT. Work-Study Work-study jobs are partially funded by the state or federal government. Eligibility for the work-study program is determined by financial need. Work-study students work 10 to 20 hours per week on campus and receive an hourly wage. A typical award is up to $4,000 per nine-month academic period. Students who are not eligible for work-study may seek employment on campus by visiting the Career Center\u2019s website. Loans Loans are available at low interest rates to students and parents of dependent students and must be repaid after you graduate or drop below half-time status. Some loans are based on financial need and others are available regardless of your financial circumstances. Several loan programs are available at UNT. Student Employment Information 5) Rehabilitation-Related Employment Rate of Graduates within the First six Months Following Graduation  30% of graduates are employed in rehabilitation settings post-graduation. The remainder of graduates are either employed in other non-rehabilitation related settings or are pursuing graduate studies. 6) Number of Graduates Who Are Accepted into Graduate Programs, and Types of Programs Students Are Accepted into, over the Previous Three-Year Period 23% of graduates pursued graduate school Majors include rehabilitation counseling, counseling, social work and law school 7) Types of Employment Settings where Graduates Have Been Hired over the Previous Three Years. Addiction treatment centers Disability accommodation programs at schools and universities Hospitals and clinics that treat people with head injuries Independent-living and other community programs Insurance companies Mental health centers Probation and parole offices State and federal rehabilitation programs Child Protective Services Veterans Affairs centers                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.