(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/unt-pathways-allied-health-success-department-disability-and-addiction-rehabilitation'
p1
V                   UNT | Pathways for Allied Health Success | Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Pathways for Allied Health Success       Pathways for allied health success The path to higher education can sometimes be a winding one, riddled with roadblocks and barriers. However, the Department of Addiction and Rehabilitation offers the Pathways for Allied Health Success program (PAHS) in an effort to clear the trails for African American and Latino(a) students. Students enrolled in this academic program are given the opportunity to earn their master\u2019s degree in rehabilitation counseling at an accelerated rate.  What Our Students Say Kristen: "The PAHS program has already helped me so much. I don\u2019t have to worry about paying for my books which is great. My case manager was able to answer my questions during our first meeting regarding scholarships and different employment opportunities within the field. I feel like I\u2019ll be prepared once I graduate. I am excited and think this program is great."      Gracie: "As a participating student of the UNT Pathways program, I have been extremely excited about being a part of this fantastic program. Through the Pathways Program, I am able to work toward my Bachelor/Masters Degrees simultaneously while receiving some of the best ingredients for success, such as: professional mentoring, professional conference attendance, assistance with books, as well as, barrier removals. I am eternally grateful and totally blessed for the staff and professors who set success of the students as a high priority! I now know that I am my only barrier to not achieving success in reaching my goal of becoming a Professional in the field of Rehabilitation Counseling/Faith Based Counseling. Thanks be to God and in the UNT Pathways Program who are a part of my success."   Ava: "The PAHS programs has been of great help by providing me with the textbooks required for all my classes. It also lent me a tablet, which is significantly helping me on my homework activities, in-class note taking, and study routine, and online quizzes. Being part of the PAHS program already provides me with information on scholarship opportunities, career path orientation, and available tutoring. It gives me the satisfaction of knowing I have a group of professionals I can trust and turn to for assistance and orientation."     Eugenia: "The pathways program has been very helpful. I have been supplied with everything I need and more. I couldn't be any happier to be in this program!"   Students Accepted into the Program The Pathways program is the epitome of our department\u2019s foundation of service-based academics. Students are first accepted to the Pathways for Allied Health Success program based on their eligibility by the department. Upon acceptance, students in the program receive services including enhanced advising, one-on-one case management and professional mentoring. These services allow African American and Latino(a) students to be put on a fast track to obtain their bachelor\u2019s degree in rehabilitation studies and a master\u2019s degree in rehabilitation counseling. Follow your path. Apply to the Pathways program here. Apply Now    Admissions Procedure   Application for Admissions   Pathways Resources                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.