(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/pathways-admissions-procedure'
p1
V                   Pathways Admissions Procedure | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Pathways Admissions Procedure        Step One Apply to UNT Applicants must be enrolled at the University of North Texas and have/plan to declare a major in Rehabilitation Studies.     Step Two Apply to PAHS. Students may apply to the Pathways program at any time after their acceptance to UNT. Students may complete an application online at: https://dar.pacs.unt.edu/pathways-application-admission.   Step Three Once the form is submitted, applicants will be reviewed to ensure the student meets the minimum qualifications. Upon acceptance into the program, students will meet with a PAHS case manager, be paired with a professional mentor and have access to PAHS lending library.    Application Requirements Overall grade point average, with a 2.7-3.0 minimum. Applicant's written response to the following: A statement of career goals in the field of rehabilitation, including a description of how the degree in rehabilitation studies can help reach those goals. A description of any personal or professional experience that you consider to be related to the field of rehabilitation.  An interview with PAHS grant faculty. Students may also submit letters of recommendation/support. Application Deadline and Information The students\u2019 performance in relation to all of the criteria will be taken into consideration. The faculty as a whole will make a recommendation concerning each student\u2019s formal admission to the program. The student will be assigned to one of the following statuses: Unconditional Admission The student has satisfactorily completed all requirements for admissions and is admitted to the program. Conditional Admission The student has substantially met the requirements for admission, with one or more of the following deficiencies: The student has a GPA which falls slightly below the minimum requirements for admission, but recent work indicates that it will be above the minimum by the end of the semester in which they are enrolled at the time of application. The student has received a grade of "D" in no more than one rehabilitation studies or closely related (psychology, social work) course and the student is in the process of repeating that course. The grade must be raised to at least a "C" by the end of the semester in which they are enrolled at the time of application. Denial of Admission This status is given to applicants who do not meet the requirements for admission, have substantial general education deficiencies and do not show evidence of the potential to meet those requirements by the time frames specified above. Students who are denied admission to the program will be assisted in accessing student services for the exploration of other career options. Students may reapply to the program only once. While generally not a reason for denial of admission to the UNT\u2019s rehabilitation studies program, a criminal history could preclude you from obtaining State Licensure, being permitted to work in certain agencies as an intern or being hired in certain agencies after obtaining the degree. It is your responsibility to obtain relevant information concerning the impact a criminal record could have on your ability to obtain the LCDC. Students will receive notification of the status of their application within 30 days of the deadline for applications. Students who receive \u201cconditional\u201d admission will be clearly told of the deficiencies identified in the admission process. The Application Review Will Examine the Following Applicant\u2019s demonstration of a beginning level of competence in interpersonal skills and self-awareness, including the ability to interact in positive, respectful, effective and appropriate ways with faculty, staff and other students and of the impact of one\u2019s own behavior on others. These competencies can be demonstrated in interactions with faculty and students inside and outside of classes and during faculty interviews with the student. Applicant\u2019s demonstration of responsible behavior in relation to meeting program and course requirements, including timely submission of high-quality work, using appropriate means for self-advocacy, keeping appointments and developing and adhering to an approved plan of study. If you have any questions about these procedures or your status in the program, contact Amanda James-Cotton at amanda.james@unt.edu. Proceed to Application                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.