(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/pathways-application-admission'
p1
V                   Pathways Application for Admission | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                          Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Pathways Application for Admission       Pathways for Allied Health Success Application   Semester and Year of Application *   Contact Information Name *    Email Address *    Current Address *    Student ID *     Home Phone Number *    Cell Phone Number *    Work Phone Number *     Previous Education Have you taken courses at UNT? *   Yes     No      What courses, which semester & what final grades did you receive?     Have you taken rehabilitation studies courses at any other college? *   Yes     No      Where, what courses, which semester, what grades, and how many credits did you receive?      Which university did you transfer to UNT from?     Do you hold an Associate's degree? *   Yes     No      If so, what is the full title of your degree?     Overall GPA     Anticipated Graduation Date     Anticipated Practicum Semester *     Goals and Experiences Please attach your typewritten responses to the following prompts. Students should be aware that both the content (completeness, depth of thought, clarity of expression) and the format (grammar, punctuation, spelling, neatness) of the responses will be taken into consideration. Use this as an opportunity to show your writing skills and professionalism. A statement of your career goals in the field of rehabilitation, including a description of how the degree in Rehabilitation Studies can help you reach those goals. A description of any personal or professional experience you have had that you consider to be related to the field of rehabilitation. If you have professional experience, also attach a resume with the job title, location, description of the position, supervisor's name, and length of time at position.    Question One - Career Goals *   Files must be less than 2 MB.Allowed file types: txt rtf pdf doc docx.   Question Two - Experiences *   Files must be less than 2 MB.Allowed file types: txt rtf pdf doc docx.    Resume *   Files must be less than 2 MB.Allowed file types: txt rtf pdf doc docx.    Demographic Information - Optional Gender    Female     Male      Ethnic Background    Black/African American     Asian     Hispanic/Latino     American Indian/Alaska Native     White      Do you have a disability?    Yes     No       If yes, please describe your disability     Are you currently serving in the military?    Yes     No      Are you a military veteran?    Yes     No       Criminal Background Checks Students are required to complete 400 hours of experience in the field of rehabilitation studies. Students who have not worked in the field are encouraged to take the 400-hour practicum so that they can have the opportunity for more hands on experience.   In order to complete the practicum, some agencies require criminal background checks. While a criminal history does not necessarily eliminate you from participation in the practicum or rehabilitation studies program, there are some types of offenses that would preclude placement in a particular agency.   Do you have any criminal history or criminal charges pending? *   Yes     No       If so, please explain                                      Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.