(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/pathways-resources'
p1
V                   Pathways Resources | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Pathways Resources       TYPE RESOURCE DESCRIPTION  ACCOMMODATIONS   Office of Disability Accommodation (ODA)   The Office of Disability Accommodation (ODA) at the University of North Texas exists to prevent discrimination on the basis of disability and to help students reach a higher level of independence.   ADVISING   College of Public Affairs and Community Service   The Student Services Office provides ongoing support for PACS undergraduate students as they move from freshman to senior status.   BLACKBOARD   Blackboard Learn   The online service where students can access all of their UNT classes.   UNT IT Help Desk   Assistance with EagleConnect, MyUNT, Eagle Alert, Blackboard learn and password issues.   Blackboard Technical Requirements   Information about compatible browsers and plug-ins required to access Blackboard learn.   Blackboard Learn for Students   Short, on demand video tutorials explaining how to be successful in your online learning course environment.   CAREER DEVELOPMENT   Career Center   The Career Center provides individual career counseling and advising, assistance in finding permanent positions following completion of your degree plan, and assists UNT alumni with career decisions and employment transitions.   FINANCIAL AID & SCHOLARSHIPS   Financial Aid Basics   Information about financial aid eligibility and awards.   Tuition Calculator   You can estimate your tuition and fees (course fees, miscellaneous fees and internet-only fee exemptions are not included in the calculation).   Scholarship Basics   Information about the types of scholarships available, the various eligibility requirements and how to apply.   Stars Scholarship  Stars Scholarship Fund is dedicated to providing successful futures for local students. Stars Scholarship Fund was established to offer students an opportunity for advancement in higher education. Scholarships provide deserving students the ability to achieve success at the college or university of their choice.  Gates Millenium Scholarship  The goal of GMS is to promote academic excellence and to provide an opportunity for outstanding minority students with significant financial need to reach their highest potential  UNCF (United Negro College Fund)  UNCF manages various scholarship programs and each program has its own eligibility criteria, open/close dates and required documentation.  Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute (CHCI)  The mission of CHCI Scholarship Program is to provide critical financial assistance that will increase graduation rates among Latino students in post-secondary education.  Congressional Black Caucus Foundation (CBCF)  To advance the global black community by developing leaders, informing policy, and educating the public.  Hispanic Scholarship Fund (HSF)  The Hispanic Scholarship Fund offers a diverse range of scholarship programs, including Gates Millennium Scholars.  Our aim is to provide you with the information and resources you need to achieve success. ¡Suerte!  Asian & Pacific Islander American Scholarship Fund (APIASF)  The Asian & Pacific Islander American Scholarship Fund (APIASF) is the nation's largest non-profit provider of college scholarships for Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPI).  Multicultural Scholastic Award Scholarship  A scholarship and student retention initiative targeting academically talented students from diverse backgrounds.  Public Affairs and Community Service Scholarships  In addition to the University wide financial aid programs available to all students who qualify, PACS also offers several scholarships within each major as well as a handful of college wide opportunities. Church's Chicken Community Scholars Program The Church's Partners Foundation, Inc. (CPF) has established a scholarship program to assist high school seniors residing in sixteen eligible states who plan to continue their education in college or vocational school programs. Scholarships are offered each year for part-time or full-time study at an accredited U.S. institution of the student's choice.  UNT Transfer Scholarship  UNT Transfer Scholarships are available for students transferring from a community college or an accredited university with a minimum of 45 attempted credit hours but less than 120 hours. Attempted hours exclude credit hours earned from AP, CLEP, military, etc.  HEALTH & WELLNESS   Student Health and Wellness Center   The Student Health and Wellness Center is committed to providing excellent healthcare to our students.   Substance Abuse Resource Center (SARC)   Evidence-based individual, group and environmental level education regarding alcohol and other drug use through services and strategies that encourage healthy decision making, in an effort to reduce the harmful effects of substance use.   Counseling and Human Development Center   Counseling services to individuals and families in Denton and surrounding areas.   UNT Collegiate Peer Recovery Program   The UNT CRP augments other efforts by the University of North Texas Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabiltation to educate students, enhance the behavioral health workforce, and decrease stigma about addiction and mental health illness, and the impact on the individual, their family and friends, and the community.   LEGAL   Student Legal Aid   Legal advice, assistance, representation and education.   LIBRARIES   Willis Library   Houses collections that support disciplines within the Arts and Sciences.   Media Library   Contains the UNT Libraries' non-print, audiovisual collections.   Eagle Commons Library   Home to the government documents, law, political science, geography and business collections and is also UNT's Funding Information Network location.   Discovery Park Library   Provides the Colleges of Information and Engineering with high quality services and resources, including physical and virtual reference, laptop checkout, public computers, student study areas, and a Smart board.   UNT Library (Off-campus)   Learn about the technical requirements for accessing online articles, databases, and other subscription-based electronic resources via the UNT campus network, at home, or using our wireless networks.   PARKING & TRANSPORTATION   UNT Campus Map   UNT campus map with interactive parking permit information.   UNT Shuttle   A listing of shuttle routes and schedules.   REGISTRATION   The Registration Process   Information about advising, selecting classes, financial aid and important dates.   STUDENT SERVICES   Student Activities   Located in Stovall Hall, Student Activities is where you will find your Non-Traditional Student Representative.   Dining   UNT offers a variety of dining options on campus, from traditional cafeterias and dining halls to fast food kiosks, snack bars and vending machines.   Computer Labs   There are over a dozen full access computer labs on the UNT main campus and at Discovery Park. At these locations you can get full access to the internet and all UNT online resources, as well as free printing services with your UNT ID.   Transfer Center   The Transfer Center helps students successfully transition to UNT.   Counseling and Testing Services   The Counseling and Testing Services Center includes a professional counseling, career counseling, consultation, mental-health screenings, educational programs and self-help resources as well as referral services.       The Learning Center   The Learning Center is staffed with academic counselors and tutors that are here to help and support students with their academics.       UNT Rec Center   Free to all UNT students, this modern recreation center offers everything a full-service gym offers and more.       UNT Bookstore   Located at 1700 Chestnut St.     Off Campus Student Services   Student Activities offers many options for off-campus, commuter, and non-traditional students, allowing you to balance your academic schedule around the distance, your job, and family responsibilities. Part of Student Activities, Off-Campus Student Services (OCSS), is here to help you connect to your educational and extracurricular goals.     Child Care Access Means Parents In School Program (CCAMPIS)   If you are a student and have dependents who need child care while you attend the University of North Texas, you may be eligible for a grant that can be applied to your monthly child care expenses. Eligibility will be determined based on the information you provide on the application and from the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) that you filled out when you first applied for financial aid.   TECHNICAL SUPPORT   UNT IT Help Desk   Assistance with EagleConnect, MyUNT, Eagle Alert, Blackboard learn and password issues   Computer Labs   A distributed network of computer facilities across the UNT campus, serving the needs of UNT students and faculty.   UNT ONLINE SYSTEM   UNT Portal   The University of North Texas central web location where students can access their online services and student information. This web site is where you select and register for classes, pay tuition via credit card, obtain financial aid information, receive unofficial transcripts and access other information and documents related to college enrollment. To access your MyUNT account, go to the UNT home page and click \u201cMyUNT\u201d at the top of the page.   Eaglenet   The wireless network at UNT that allows you to connect your laptop or other device to the internet.   EagleConnect   The primary UNT email service. Every student enrolled at UNT is issued an EagleConnect email account.   VETERANS   Student Veteran Services   The Veterans Center is located in Suite 123 of the Sage Hall and is staffed by knowledgeable and experienced student veterans that will answer all of your questions and help you process your GI Bill and Hazelwood Act benefits.                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.