(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/unt-accelerated-grad-track-pathways-program-department-disability-and-addiction-rehabilitation'
p1
V                   UNT | Accelerated Grad Track Pathways Program | Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Accelerated Grad Track Pathway Program       Accelerated Degree Program in Rehabilitation Counseling The Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation's Grad Track Pathway Program allows undergraduate students early provisional admission to our graduate program in Rehabilitation Counseling. Rehabilitation Studies undergraduate students accepted into our Grad Track Pathway program will earn their Bachelor\u2019s of Science in Rehabilitation Studies while taking graduate level courses. These classes will transfer over into an accelerated graduate program, where students have the opportunity to earn a Master\u2019s of Science in Rehabilitation Counseling.    Requirements Our admissions criteria for students applying to the Grad Track Pathways program will be consistent with the admissions processes and procedures for all applicants to our graduate program as well as require applicants to have completed at least 90 credit hours of their bachelor\u2019s degree.  Specifically, applicants to the Grad Track Pathways program will submit: an application designed for Grad Track Pathways program applicants,  a current copy of their unofficial transcript,  a self-statement of purpose answering the following questions: What makes you a good candidate for this program? How will enrollment in the Grad Track Pathway facilitate your long term career goals?  What skills/abilities do you have that will make you successful in this accelerated program?  a resume of their work experience,  two letters of recommendation (one academic-related and one employment-related), and  completion of an interview with two faculty members from our department.  Successful applicants will meet the definition of \u201cExceptional Undergraduate Student\u201d.  They will be those students who: are in their junior year of the Rehabilitation Studies program and have completed 90 credit hours,  have a cumulative UNT GPA of 3.5 or higher at the time of their application,  have submitted a resume, self-statement, letters of recommendation, and are able to demonstrate interpersonal and professional skills during the interview which are considered of exceptionally high quality by the faculty in our department.    Apply now!                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.