(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/unt-online-and-campus-graduate-program-rehabilitation-counseling-department-disability-and-addiction'
p1
V                    UNT | Online and On-campus Graduate Program in Rehabilitation Counseling | Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Master's in Rehabilitation Counseling       Why Us?     M.S. In Rehabilitation Counseling Graduates of the master\u2019s program of rehabilitation counseling go on to help individuals with disabilities find jobs, feel empowered to live a productive life and undergo challenging transitions with guided support. Alumni of our rehabilitation counseling program may be seen in community rehabilitation centers, Veterans Affairs offices, schools or in addiction clinics, building a bridge to recovery and a sustainable life. U.S. News ranked our master\u2019s program as number fifteen in the nation for best graduate rehabilitation counseling programs; in Texas, our program is tied for number one. Students enrolled in the graduate program are passionate about improving the quality of life for others.   Mission To develop and disseminate the best practices in providing rehabilitation counseling services to individuals with disabilities. To provide a comprehensive curriculum preparing students from diverse backgrounds for a career in rehabilitation counseling. To strengthen values, skills and knowledge of students that result in a genuine commitment to human rights, professionalism, personal integrity and ethical practice. To nurture an approach to professional practice and rehabilitation research that is characterized by inquiry, critical thinking, flexibility and self-confidence. To provide high-quality services to individuals with disabilities. To develop and disseminate the best practices in providing rehabilitation counseling services to individuals with disabilities.    Inside the Classroom As a student, you will gain communication and goal-setting skills for the counseling process, utilizing self-advocacy, psychological, vocational, social and behavioral interventions. Students are immersed into a curriculum combining academic theory and technique courses with hands-on practicum experience. This core curriculum involves preparatory studies in disability, educational and occupational information, counseling and case management and vocational rehabilitation process. The core curriculum is made up of 36 hours of course work with an additional three hours of electives. While a thesis is optional, it may be beneficial to students looking to pursue their doctorate. The Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation master\u2019s program offers a traditional on-campus program as well as a distance-learning online program for professionals actively involved in the field. The program is nationally accredited by the Council on Rehabilitation Education (CORE); therefore, the curriculum is designed to meet the requirements for national certification as a rehabilitation counselor (CRC), as well as licensure as a professional counselor (LPC) by the state of Texas. So, upon graduation of the program, students are eligible for national certification as well as Texas licensure.   Outside the Classroom The skills obtained by students cannot be solely achieved through the classroom; this is why the master\u2019s program utilizes on-campus and community-based services into the curriculum. Beyond the classroom, students participate in field-site internship experiences and emphasize on exposure to a broad spectrum of rehabilitation services, professional organizations, interdisciplinary professional activities and advocacy and consumer groups in the field of rehabilitation. Students are required to achieve three hours of practicum and six hours of an internship.    Degree Requirements Students graduate with a Master of Science degree in rehabilitation counseling after completing the 48-credit hour RCE program and passing a comprehensive examination. The program includes 36 credit hours in courses that include: Rehabilitation counseling principles and ethics Multiculturalism and disability Medical and psychosocial aspects of disability Counseling theories and techniques Research and program evaluation Assessment Employment models and case management practices Nine credit hours in courses in supervised fieldwork (over 700 hours) One elective. Elective courses available within the program include psychiatric rehabilitation, advanced counseling techniques, addiction counseling models and treatment and transition counseling. Fall entry into the program is encouraged. However, applicants can be admitted for the spring semester as well. Important! As of Fall 2017, the program will be moving from 48 to 60 credit hours.      About Rehabilitation Counselors and Career Options Rehabilitation counselors are the only professional counselors educated and trained to specifically serve individuals with physical, mental, developmental, cognitive and emotional disabilities reach their personal, career and independent living goals. Graduates of our rehabilitation counseling program are employed in various rehabilitation, behavioral health and health care settings, such as the Texas Department of Assistive & Rehabilitative Services, Veterans Affairs as well as hospitals, insurance companies, university and school settings, community programs, non-profit agencies, independent living centers and many other settings serving individuals with disabilities. For more information about careers as a certified rehabilitation counselor (CRC) click here. Is the Program Right for You? Our highly ranked graduate program values diversity in our students, faculty and ideas. Students learn from national and international experts in the field. Are you compassionate, flexible, communicative and ready to make a change? Application Procedure                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.