(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/unt-graduate-program-rehabilitation-outcomes-department-disability-and-addiction-rehabilitation'
p1
V                   UNT | Graduate Program in Rehabilitation Outcomes | Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Graduate Program Outcomes       Graduate Program Outcomes Program Goal and Objectives The mission of the rehabilitation counseling graduate program at UNT is to prepare a diverse group of students for the profession of rehabilitation counseling. These incoming professionals will assist and advocate for individuals with disabilities to live and work as independently as possible. Finally, the students will learn to provide rehabilitation counseling in a competent, ethical and legal manner, adhering to the code of professional ethics and scope of practice for the rehabilitation profession. Program Outcomes The following information is provided in order to foster continuing public awareness and confidence about the academic quality of the graduate level rehabilitation counseling program at the University of North Texas (UNT). Three-Year Enrollment, Retention and Graduation Rates:   2013/14 2014/15 2015/16 Students Enrolled 106 128 155 Students Who Graduated 43 43 41 Retention Rate 8?.68% 89.06% 87.74% Students Who Passed Comprehensive Exam 100% 100% 98% Average Number of Students Admitted for Fall Semester Distance Education Program 25 Traditional on-Campus Program 15 Average Length of Time to Complete Program Full-time enrollment: 2 years* Part-time enrollment: 3 years** * Full-time enrollment is nine credit hours for fall and spring semesters, six credit hours summer semester. ** Part-time enrollment is six credit hours for fall and spring semesters, three credit hours summer semester Estimated Cost of Tuition In-State Out-of-State $19,332 * $36,708 * * Based on 2013/14 rates for full-time (nine credit hours) enrollment. This tuition calculator is also available to calculate semester costs.  Available Scholarships http://financialaid.unt.edu/sfas-academic-scholarships Employment Rates of Graduates within First Six Months Following Graduation: 2012/13 95% 2011/12 98% 2010/11 100% * Percentages include both distance and on-campus students; students must be employed in the rehabilitation field to be eligible for the distance education program. Employment Settings State/Federal Vocational Rehabilitation (VR) Agency Not-for-profit rehabilitation facilities Private-for-profit rehabilitation settings Veterans Administration Mental health facilities Substance use treatment facilities Supported employment/community support programs Educational settings (e.g., disability accommodations office) Eligibility for Certification Students are able to obtain certification as a rehabilitation counselor (CRC) with the commission on rehabilitation counselor certification (CRCC) by successfully passing the CRC examination at the end of the academic program. Over 85% of our program\u2019s students who take the CRC exam pass successfully and obtain certification (national passage rate is 70%). Eligibility for Licensure Students who successfully complete the RCE program are eligible to apply for licensure as a professional counselor (LPC) with the Texas State Board of Examiners of Professional Counselors by successfully passing the National Counselor Examination for licensure and certification (NCE) offered by the National Board for Certified Counselors (NBCC).                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.