(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/rehabilitation-counseling-program-application-procedure'
p1
V                   Rehabilitation Counseling Program Application Procedure | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Rehabilitation Counseling Program Application Procedure        Step One  Apply to UNT You will need to apply to the Toulouse Graduate School through the online Apply Texas application and have all of your transcripts sent to UNT.  Application Fee $75 Request Transcripts You will need to obtain official transcripts from each college or university you attended. Contact each school and have the official transcripts mailed directly to: University of North Texas School of Graduate Studies 1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, TX 76203-5017   Step Two  Apply to the Rehabilitation Counseling Program: You will need to complete a department application. We offer both an on-campus and online program.  On-Campus Program This program is offered in a face-to-face format at the UNT Denton campus. Online Program This program is offered via distance in an online format. Please note the distance program is designed for those individuals who are currently serving consumers/clients in a rehabilitation counseling setting or in related agencies.  You will also need to provide the following: Self-Statement  This statement should include information regarding your interest in the rehabilitation counseling field and future career goals. Current resume  Two professional letters of recommendation. One must be from a current or previous employer and one from a previous instructor submitted on appropriate letterhead with signature. Letters should be mailed to: Callie Stanford Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203-5017   Step Three  Interview: After the department receives all of your application materials, you will be contacted to set-up an interview with two graduate faculty members. Program admission is on a rolling basis, so it usually takes two to three weeks from the interview to be notified of an admission decision.  If you have any questions, please contact us at dar@unt.edu. Deadline for Spring 2017 is November 15, 2016. Deadline for Summer 2017 is March 1, 2017. Deadline for Fall 2017 is June 15, 2017.    Proceed to Department Application                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.