(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/doctoral-program'
p1
V                   Doctoral Program | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Ph.D. in Health Services Research        Program Description Health care systems are ever-changing and under constant pressure to improve quality of care and outcomes its consumers. Leaders in the current health care delivery environment seek a broad based graduate education that offers the opportunity to assume a leadership role in diverse health care delivery settings that serves a broader spectrum of the population. This program provides a broad foundation in public health concerns, research and evaluation methods, and health and social policy analysis to meet the demands of a dynamic health services delivery environment. The Ph.D. program in Health Services Research (HSR) provides opportunities for specialized expertise across several Concentration areas: Applied Gerontology, Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology, and Rehabilitation Science.  We have a core faculty that has a vast array of experience in a variety of health care delivery environments, and broad expertise in health care and health-related research and policy. The focus will be on developing academic research scientists who are interested in contributing to the health services discipline through research, education and policy analysis. Graduates of the PhD Program in Health Services Research will be prepared to function as educators, researchers and leaders in health services. You may find future graduates working as university faculty; health research policy analysts with government and non-profit agencies; or as health systems administrators in the public or private industry. The degree program graduates will be prepared to address research, education, service delivery, and policy challenges requiring an interdisciplinary perspective across various service settings.   Admission Requirements Application Deadline for Fall 2017 is February 1, 2017Application Deadline for Fall 2018 is December 1, 2017 Admission to the PhD program is a holistic process that includes a broad assessment of the applicant's background and potential for success.  Applicants must submit the following materials to the Graduate School: Apply Texas Application Application Fee Official transcripts from all post-secondary institutions attended  Official GRE Scores  Official TOEFL score for international students Applicants are reviewed based on the following: Three (3) letters of recommendation from former professors and related professional supervisors, that speak to your academic capability to be successful at doctoral studies.  Comprehensive resume Prior related professional experience Statement of Intent (approximately 1000 words) detailing:  Rationale for choosing the Ph.D. program in Health Services Research. Your short- and long-term career goals. Your qualifications and readiness for doctoral study, including research experiences and interests. Discuss a specific area in Health Services Research on which you would like to focus during your doctoral program.  Include a sample of written work (prior course assignments, manuscripts or projects in which the applicant is the first author). Applicants will be asked to interview with faculty members as a part of the application process. Interviews for the acceptance into the Fall 2017 semester will be held February 17th and 20th. Invitations will be sent out to students after the February 1st deadline.  Because we believe that a successful doctoral experience depends on faculty guidance, a Doctoral Program Faculty Member must agree to serve as an applicant\u2019s primary mentor/advisor/chair before an applicant can be accepted into the program.     General Degree Requirements The minimum program for the PhD with a major in health services research requires 51 hours beyond the master's degree. Specific requirements include: 18 semester hours in foundation core courses covering research methods and design, statistics, grant proposal writing and analysis and writing for publication. 15 designated semester hours in the student's chosen concentration 9 semester hours of approved electives A minimum of 9 semester hours of dissertation Prospective students should be aware that the HLSR PhD is a traditional on-campus program with most classes scheduled during regular business hours. If you have any questions, please email hsprogram@unt.edu.     Applied Gerontology Concentration The PhD in Health Services Research with a Concentration in Applied Gerontology is designed for the applied gerontology practitioner who is interested in making a contribution to the discipline through research, while maintaining their focus on active engagement with the aging population. In the current health care environment, the emphasis is on increasing quality, decreasing the cost of service delivery and on achieving positive, measurable outcomes that improve the health of seniors and that make services accessible and affordable. Practitioners experienced in the delivery of services for the aged are in the best position to identify opportunities for improvement and to conduct experience based research that will result in improved service delivery and improved outcomes.   Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Concentration The objective of the Ph.D. in Health Services Research with a concentration in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology (ASLP) is to prepare researchers, educators and leaders in the academic fields of Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology with an emphasis on interdisciplinary collaboration. This program focuses on developing competent researchers, educators and leaders with advanced knowledge and technical expertise necessary for improving the overall quality of life for persons with speech, language and hearing disabilities. Rehabilitation Science  Concentration The mission of the Ph.D. in Health Services Administration with a concentration in Rehabilitation Science  is to advance knowledge and research in the psychosocial impact of disability across the lifespan, well-being and health disparities. This program focuses on developing skilled researchers, educators and leaders to be at the forefront of knowledge translation on improving the overall quality of life of persons with disabilities. Graduates are expected to demonstrate advanced knowledge and skill in addressing critical areas of research, education, service delivery, clinical practice, and/or policy.    Apply Now!                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.