(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/recovery-practice'
p1
V                   Recovery to Practice | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Recovery to Practice       The University of North Texas Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation recently received funding through the Hogg Foundation to coordinate the dissemination of the Recovery to Practice (RTP) curricula. This training and education program was developed by the Association of Addiction Professionals (NAADAC), in partnership with the Substance Abuse Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) and will now be delivered to addiction professionals within the state of Texas. As the state coordinator, our goal is to bring recovery principles into the daily practice of all addiction professionals across the state. What Is Recovery to Practice? Recovery to Practice is an initiative to encourage recovery-based principles and practices for addiction professionals and students across the country through education and training. Essentially, Recovery to Practice promotes a more concise understanding of what recovery is, how to utilize recovery-oriented practices and the roles of behavioral health professions in this process. What is Recovery? According to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMSHA), recovery is a process of change through which individuals improve their health and wellness, live a self-directed life, and strive to reach their full potential. Four major dimensions that support a life in recovery include: Health: overcoming or managing one\u2019s disease(s) as well as living in a physically and emotionally healthy way Home: a stable and safe place to live Purpose: meaningful daily activities, such as a job, school, volunteerism, family caretaking, or creative endeavors and the independence, income and resources to participate in society Community: relationships and social networks that provide support, friendship, love and hope. Source:http://www.naadac.org/recovery-definitions What Are SAMHSA\u2019s 10 Components of Recovery? The broad goal of the Recovery to Practice program is to allow for further understanding of recovery. SAMHSA breaks the recovery process down into 10 major components: Self-Direction Consumers lead, control, exercise choice over and determine their own path of recovery by optimizing autonomy, independence and control of resources to achieve a self-determined life. By definition, the recovery process must be self-directed by the individual, who defines his or her own life goals and designs a unique path toward those goals. Individualized and Person-Centered There are multiple pathways to recovery based on an individual\u2019s unique strengths and resiliencies as well as his or her needs, preferences, experiences (including past trauma) and cultural background in all of its diverse representations. Individuals also identify recovery as being an ongoing journey and an end result as well as an overall paradigm for achieving wellness and optimal mental health. Empowerment Consumers have the authority to choose from a range of options and to participate in all decisions\u2014including the allocation of resources\u2014that will affect their lives and are educated and supported in so doing. They have the ability to join with other consumers to collectively and effectively speak for themselves about their needs, wants, desires and aspirations. Through empowerment, an individual gains control of his or her own destiny and influences the organizational and societal structures in his or her life. Holistic Recovery encompasses an individual\u2019s whole life, including mind, body, spirit and community. Recovery embraces all aspects of life, including housing, employment, education, mental health and healthcare treatment and services, complementary and naturalistic services, addictions treatment, spirituality, creativity, social networks, community participation and family supports as determined by the person. Families, providers, organizations, systems, communities and society play crucial roles in creating and maintaining meaningful opportunities for consumer access to these supports. Non-Linear Recovery is not a step-by-step process but one based on continual growth, occasional setbacks and learning from experience. Recovery begins with an initial stage of awareness in which a person recognizes that positive change is possible. This awareness enables the consumer to move on to fully engage in the work of recovery. Strengths-Based Recovery focuses on valuing and building on the multiple capacities, resiliencies, talents, coping abilities and inherent worth of individuals. By building on these strengths, consumers leave stymied life roles behind and engage in new life roles (e.g., partner, caregiver, friend, student, employee). The process of recovery moves forward through interaction with others in supportive, trust-based relationships. Peer Support Mutual support\u2014including the sharing of experiential knowledge and skills and social learning\u2014plays an invaluable role in recovery. Consumers encourage and engage other consumers in recovery and provide each other with a sense of belonging, supportive relationships, valued roles, and community. Respect Community, systems and societal acceptance and appreciation of consumers\u2014including protecting their rights and eliminating discrimination and stigma\u2014are crucial in achieving recovery. Self-acceptance and regaining belief in one\u2019s self are particularly vital. Respect ensures the inclusion and full participation of consumers in all aspects of their lives. Responsibility Consumers have a personal responsibility for their own self-care and journeys of recovery. Taking steps toward their goals may require great courage. Consumers must strive to understand and give meaning to their experiences and identify coping strategies and healing processes to promote their own wellness. Hope Recovery provides the essential and motivating message of a better future\u2014 that people can and do overcome the barriers and obstacles that confront them. Hope is internalized, but can be fostered by peers, families, friends, providers and others. Hope is the catalyst of the recovery process. Are You Involved in the Field of Addiction Recovery? We need your help! We are conducting a survey to analyze how recovery concepts and recovery-oriented systems of care are currently incorporated by addiction professionals and organizations in the field of addiction recovery. The information gathered will help determine the most effective way to deliver continuing education and recovery-oriented training specific to addictions professionals. Your help in obtaining this information is critical to understanding the current status of recovery-oriented systems of care and recovery to practice concepts in the state of Texas. Please take a moment to consider SAMHSA\u2019s 10 Guiding Principles of Recovery and answer the brief survey (it should only take about 7-10 minutes) to be a part of this important movement toward fully integrating recovery-oriented models of care into everyday practice. This survey can be completed anonymously; however, a better understanding of demographics in the field of addiction recovery is vital. Demographic information is not required. Your time and information is greatly appreciated. Take the survey. Become a Recovery Champion!  RTP Champions agree to advance RTP practices within their own practice, their organization, and their community of addiction professionals.  This includes participation in \u201cTrain-the-trainer\u201d instruction, provision of training to local entities, and involvement in the RTP Addiction Professional Community of Practice. Apply here. Are You Interested in Additional Program Information? For more information, please contact: Linda Holloway, Ph.D., CRC Program Director Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203-5017 E-mail: holloway@unt.edu  Voice: (940) 565-2488 Fax: (940) 565-3960                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.