(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/untwise'
p1
V                   UNTWISE | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       UNTWISE       Located on campus, the University of North Texas Workplace Inclusion and Sustainable Employment (UNTWISE) is a training and consultancy group for community rehabilitation programs and organizations serving individuals with disabilities. Who UNTWISE Serves UNTWISE provides training to vocational rehabilitation practitioners, Employment Service Providers (ESP), and organizations serving individuals with disabilities. What UNTWISE Does UNTWISE trains and consults with professionals in the field of rehabilitation on the most up-to-date practices, procedures and research. While the program is located on campus, training sessions are primarily offered through distance learning for continuing education students. UNTWISE also partners with universities, vocational rehabilitation agencies and other stakeholders to develop new training and service programs based on the needs of specific communities. About Training and Courses Offered by UNTWISE The online training provided by UNTWISE, offered via webinar, on-demand, and Blackboard Learn are designed to increase the participant\u2019s knowledge or skill in the practice of: Job Coaching Job Placement Job Development and Marketing Natural and Ongoing Supports in the Workplace and Community Supported Employment Employment Planning Delivering Services Ethics and Advocacy Aspects of Disabilities Fraud, Waste and Abuse Employment Service Staffing Continuing education courses are led by a qualified instructor, with documented education and expertise to teach the subject matter. Documentation is dependent on the subject matter and could include: Certification in rehabilitation, related field or in the specific subject area Documentation of previous presentations on the subject Published articles and/or books in the subject area Recognition as an expert in the subject by state or national organization Expertise in the subject area through license, education or experience Master\u2019s level education or higher in the related subject matter field License or certification in the related subject area by a state or national organization All presentations comply with relevant local, state or national laws related to serving people with disabilities. The program is delivered in an accessible, barrier-free manner, so no one with a disability is excluded. Presentation materials are available in accessible formats, including handouts and support materials. Collaborations UNTWISE partners with universities, vocational rehabilitation agencies and other stakeholders to develop new training and service programs based on the needs of specific communities. Recent collaborations include: In an effort to increase the quality of employment services provided by Texas Community Rehabilitation Program (CRP) Providers, the Texas Department of Assistive and Rehabilitative Services (DARS) partnered with UNTWISE in 2010 to develop and maintain a credential process. The credential requirement applies to all of employment services providers such as Job Coaches, Job Skills Trainers, Job Placement Specialists, Supported Employment Specialists and CRP Directors. UNTWISE developed the credentialing process including the training and testing. Over 2,000 individuals hold one or more employment services credentials. Career Cruisin' Camp was designed for transitioning youth with disabilities to explore career pathways and vision a job they liked in their future. The camp was created in partnership with the Texas Department of Assistive and Rehabilitative Services. Not only did the camp provide a platform for campers to explore career pathways and visit workers doing these jobs, but also served as a venue for UNT's rehabilitation studies undergraduates and rehabilitation counseling graduate students to put into practice what they had learned. UNTWISE, along with the Division of Blind Services, conducted the first REAL Program in 2010, aimed at youth with visual impairments. The Real Employment and Living (REAL) Program was a 5 week program where 10 participants learned independent living skills, interviewing skills, and job skills. During weeks 2-5, participants worked at various businesses in the Denton area, and in the evening, practiced independent living skills, such as cooking, laundry, and cleaning their dorm room. During the summer of 2011, the REAL Program will hosted 20 participants. A Leadership Project, piloted in Texas, designed to facilitate strong collaboration between CRPs and VR counselors, while enhancing knowledge and understanding of the VR process at national, state and local levels. This was accomplished through a variety of strategies, including shadowing, technical assistance, and a comprehensive educational tool. End goals included the successful design and implementation of an Employment project in the CRP/VR partners' local area that enhanced positive employment opportunities for people with disabilities. Technical assistance and training program for Louisiana Rehabilitation Services and Office of Mental Health that furthered the understanding of Supported Employment as an evidence-based practice and conceptualized implementation at the local level. This effort articulated the importance of collaboration and the roles played by the MH clinician, VR, family, employment professional and other supports. UNTWISE Achievements Among the many successes and achievements of UNTWISE, we are particularly proud to be a recipient of the RSA Commissioner's Award for Excellence in Education and Training. How to Get Involved To learn more about UNTWISE, visit the website.                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.