(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/doctoral-faculty-0'
p1
V                 Doctoral Faculty | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Doctoral Faculty                       Katsura Aoyama, Ph.D.  Associate Professor of Speech-Language Pathology Research interests: Katsura Aoyama, Ph.D., is an Associate Professor on the faculty of the Department of Speech and Hearing Sciences, University of North Texas, where she has held an academic appointment since August 2012. She has also held an appointment of Associate Professor at the Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center from August 2009 to July 2012, and an appointment of Assistant Professor at the same institution from August 2002 to August 2009. Dr. Aoyama holds the B.A. degree in Japanese Philology from Kansai University, the M.A. degree in Linguistics from University of Hawai'i at Manoa, and the Ph.D. degree in Linguistics from University of Hawai'i at Manoa.     Katsura.Aoyama@unt.edu (940) 369-7340  Office Location & Hours Speech & Hearing Complex           Jessica Brooks, Ph.D., CRC  Assistant Professor of Rehabilitation  Research interests: Specialization areas: health promotion, psychosocial aspects of disability, and vocational rehabilitation.    jessica.brooks@unt.edu (940) 565-4938  Office Location & Hours Chilton Hall 218-G  Monday 1:00-3:00 pm         Chandra Donnell Carey, Ph.D., CRC  Associate Professor & Director of Ph.D. in Health Services Research Program Research interests: Dr. Carey has served as President of the National Association of Multicultural Rehabilitation Concerns and as Co-Chair of the Psychiatric Rehabilitation Council for the National Council on Rehabilitation Education. She recently served as co-editor for a special issue on Psychiatric Rehabilitation for the Journal of Rehabilitation, Research, Policy, and Education and is the  Co-PI for a grant funded by the Texas Higher Education Board which focuses on enhancing the racial/ethnic diversity of students in rehabilitation studies and rehabilitation counseling. Her research focuses on mental illnesses and the recovery experiences of women of color, as well as culturally responsive service provision in rehabilitation counseling practice.    Chandra.Carey@unt.edu (940) 369-7267  Office Location & Hours Chilton Hall 218-N           Denise Catalano, Ph.D., CRC  Associate Professor, Graduate Coordinator of Rehabilitation Counseling Program Research interests: Quality of life issues among individuals with disabilities; development, factors, and processes of resilience; relationship of positive emotions to health and well-being.    denise.catalano@unt.edu (940) 891-6893  Office Location & Hours Chilton Hall 218-F           Dalia Chowdhury, Ph.D., CRC, CADC, LPC (IL.) Assistant Professor of Rehabilitation Research interests: Gender and disability; violence and trauma; HIV/AIDS, sexual behaviors and addictions; instrumentation     dalia.chowdhury@unt.edu (940) 369-5001  Office Location & Hours Chilton Hall 218P          Jeffrey Cokely, Ph.D. Associate Professor of Audiology Research interests: Dr. Cokely joined the faculty in the fall of 2000 after nearly fifteen years of university teaching. He completed his undergraduate studies at Syracuse University and earned his master\u2019s and doctorate degrees at Northwestern University. Dr. Cokely began his research career in the area of psychoacoustics, but for the past twelve years his energies have been directed toward the study of speech materials used to evaluate the hearing of Spanish-speaking listeners. His pioneering efforts in this area have resulted in publication, presentation, and several masters theses.    Jeffrey.Cokely@unt.edu (940) 369-7366  Office Location & Hours Speech & Hearing Complex           Kamakshi V. Gopal, Ph.D., CCC-A Professor of Audiology Research interests: Dr. Gopal's research goal is to gain a deeper insight into the performance of the central auditory nervous system (CANS) under normal as well as in abnormal conditions such as tinnitus and auditory processing disorders. Dr. Gopal uses both an auditory neuroscience apporach and clinical audiology techniques to conduct her research. She developed an in vitro auditory cortex network (ACN) model with Dr. Guenter Goss, a pioneer in the field of microelectrode array recording (MEA) techniques which has been used to investigate the effects of various ototoxic and neurotoxic agents that are known to cause hearing loss, tinnitus or both. The model has also been used to identify the efficacy of protective agents, such as antioxidants and potassium channel blockers, to offset the toxic effects brought about by ototoxic and neurotoxic agents. As Co-Director of the Tinnitus and Hyperacusis Clinic at the University of North Texas, Dr. Gopal conducts behavioral, electrophysiological and Imaging studies (in collaboration with UT Southwestern Medical School, Dallas) to identify diagnostic markers in tinnitus patients as well as evaluate various technological and pharmacological treatment options. Currently, she is using behavioral and objective auditory measures to assess the impact of intensive auditory training on auditory processing in individuals with autism spectrum disorder.       gopal@unt.edu (940) 369-7432  Office Location & Hours Speech & Hearing Complex           Linda Holloway, Ph.D., CRC  Chair, Professor Research interests: Professionalism; undergraduate education; supported employment; psychiatric rehabilitation; emergency preparedness for people with disabilities.    linda.holloway@unt.edu (940) 565-3629  Office Location & Hours Chilton Hall 218-H Tuesday 3:00-5:00 pm or by appt.          Stan Ingman, Ph.D.  Professor of Health Services Research interests: Major areas of interest are sustainable senior living, LTC care, geriatric medicine and aging programs and trends around the world.     stan.ingman@unt.edu (940) 565-2298  Office Location & Hours Chilton Hall 302C          Fang-Ling Lu, Ph.D.  Associate Professor of Speech-Language Pathology Research interests: Dr. Lu received her MS in SLP from the University of South Carolina and a Ph.D. from the University of Memphis. She completed a post-doctoral fellowship in Medical Speech Pathology from the Department of Neurology at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN. Prior to joining UNT in 1997, Dr. Lu was an Otolaryngology faculty at the University of Miami School of Medicine for several years. Dr. Lu\u2019s research interests include motor speech and voice changes associated with degenerative diseases (e.g., Parkinson\u2019s disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, multiple sclerosis), aging, medications (e.g., antidepressants), surgeries (e.g., deep brain stimulation), and maladaptive behaviors (e.g., vocal abuse and misuse in musicians). She employs a high-tech laboratory setup (i.e., videostrobolaryngoscopy, nasendoscopy, acoustical analysis, aerodynamic measurement, nasometry) for clinical diagnostics and research projects. She teaches both graduate and undergraduate courses in speech pathology of medically related topics.     flu@unt.edu (940) 369-7367  Office Location & Hours Speech & Hearing Complex 216          Ernest J. Moore, Ph.D. Professor & Chair of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Research interests: The goals of our research are to utilize answers obtained from auditory electrophysiology protocols to help prevent or treat sensory neural hearing loss, and better understand underlying pathophysiology. To accomplish these goals, we are exploring possible novel drug targets, and the application to these targets of already FDA-approved drugs for \u201crepurposing\u201d to prevent or alleviate hearing loss and tinnitus. We are participating in a Phase 1 clinical trial with a neurosurgeon from Florida Hospital for Children in which there is infusion of stem cells in hard-of-hearing children for the restoration of hearing in these children presenting with various degrees of sensory neural hearing loss.     ernest.moore@unt.edu (940) 565-2481  Office Location & Hours Speech & Hearing Complex 261 Wednesday 9 \u2013 12:00 - or by appt.          Gloria Olness, Ph.D.  Associate Professor of Speech-Language Pathology Research interests: Dr. Olness\u2019 research examines the discourse production abilities of adults with acquired neurogenic communication disorders, such as stroke-induced aphasia. Normal pre-morbid discourse variation is incorporated into her approach (ethnic discourse styles of African Americans and Euro-Americans, formality, spontaneity, age/cohort effects, etc.). Her interests focus on the relationship between linguistic and paralinguistic forms and their communicative function-- for example, language forms used to express emotion, opinion, and attitude--and their neurological underpinnings. These combined areas of inquiry are applied to the design of clinical discourse assessment and assessment of functional communication. In addition, her research with disordered populations sheds light on the cognitive-linguistic and neurological substrates of \u201cnormal\u201d discourse production in non-brain-injured populations.    golness@unt.edu    Office Location & Hours Speech & Hearing Complex           Erin Schafer, Ph.D. Associate Professor of Audiology Research interests: Dr. Schafer received her B.S. in Communication Sciences and Disorders from Texas Woman's University and her M.S. in Audiology from The University of Texas at Dallas. In 2005, she received her Ph.D. in Communication Sciences from The University of Texas at Dallas. Prior to her position at UNT, Dr. Schafer worked as an educational audiologist and consultant in public school districts. Her research interests are in the areas of speech perception, cochlear implants, hearing aids, and assistive devices.     Erin.Schafer@unt.edu   Office Location & Hours Speech & Hearing Complex 266          James Swan, Ph.D.  Professor  Research interests: Dr. Swan's past major research area was long-term care finance and policy but has in recent years developed research on physical activity & aging and on senior centers.    swan@unt.edu   Office Location & Hours Chilton Hall 218H          Wei-Mo Tu, Ph.D., NCC Assistant Professor of Rehabilitation  Research interests: Motivation, vocational rehabilitation, school-to-work transition, positive psychology, psychosocial adjustment, and applications of the International Classification of Functioning, Health, and Disability (ICF) in rehabilitation.     wei-mo.tu@unt.edu (940) 369-7939  Office Location & Hours Chilton Hall 218E                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.