(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/employment'
p1
V                   Employment | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Employment       We are proud to have an extremely high employment rate with students in our department. There is an increasing demand for rehabilitation workers in the field. Below is a list of available employment opportunities for interested students and alumni alike.                               Post Date                        Position                        Job Announcement                        Brief Job Description                            4/12/2017            Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor II (Roanoke, VA)    vocational_rehabilitation_counselor_ii.docx   The Virginia Department for the Blind and Vision Impaired (DBVI) is the Commonwealth\u2019s agency solely dedicated to empowering individuals who are blind, vision impaired, and deafblind to achieve their maximum level of employment, education, and personal independence. DBVI services include vocational rehabilitation, education, independent living skills, orientation and mobility, deafblind services and a comprehensive statewide low vision program.                 4/5/2017            Home Support Aid (Denton, TX)    home_support_aid.docx   Seeking home aide for before and after school care for 12 year old son with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. My son is somewhat ambulatory but relies on mobility equipment and physical assistance. He can transfer and toilet on his own and does not have mental, communication, or emotional impairments.                 3/29/2017            FEMA - Disability Integration Advisor Lead    disability_integration_advisor_lead.docx   A Disability Integration Advisor Lead serves as the lead expert level advisor to the Command Staff and program areas providing expert level advice, guidance and technical assistance on programmatic, physical and effective communication access for people with disability and others with access and functional need for all Presidentially Major Disaster and Emergency Declarations.                  3/16/2017            Lockeed Martin Aeronautics - Vocational Case Manager (Ft. Worth, TX)    vocational_case_manager_fort_worth.pdf   We are currently seeking a Vocational Case Manager for the Fort Worth, Texas area. Coordinates and implements the vocational training or retraining necessary to return the claimant to the workplace. Conducts transferable skills analysis, vocational testing/evaluation, job analysis and job search activities. Coordinates claimant participation in various programs, activities and services designed to prepare them for re-entry to the workforce.                 3/16/2017            California Dept. of Rehabilitation - Senior Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor (Multiple Positions)    california_department_of_rehabilitation_-_career_opportunities.docx   The Department of Rehabilitation (DOR) administers the largest vocational rehabilitation program in the country. We have a three-pronged mission to provide services and advocacy that assist people with disabilities to live independently, become employed and have equality in the communities in which they live and work. DOR provides consultation, counseling and vocational rehabilitation, and works with community partners to assist the consumers we serve.                 3/8/2017            UNTWISE - Live & Learn Summer Program Staff     llspcw_job_descriptions_2017.pdf   The Live and Learn summer program is a two (2) week summer program for youth with disabilities, ages 16-22, interested in vocational planning for their future. Whether their interest lie in unskilled, skilled and professional occupations, including opportunities requiring a post-secondary education, this program opens the door to the realities of the adult world of work. UNTWISE seeks interested applicants for the following positions.                 2/24/2017            OK DRS - Assistive Technology Specialist IV (OK)    17-081 Assistive Technology Specialist IV-I 80500281 TBD All Sources.docx   Position is assigned a full workload/caseload and is responsible for performing professional level work in Assistive Technology (AT) services for Vocational Rehabilitation for DRS consumers with physical, cognitive, mental disabilities and other significant impairments that could benefit from AT accommodations. VR AT Specialist will complete assessments for AT and/or accommodation needs for: home, vehicle, education, job site evaluation, employment and computer issues.                 2/22/2017            NM Commission for the Blind - Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor (Albuquerque, NM)     New Mexico Commission for the Blind.docx   Purpose of Position: To help blind/visually impaired individuals obtain or maintain employment by providing vocational rehabilitation services such as adjustment counseling, career assessment, education/training, assistive technology, and job placement services.The position is in our Albuquerque office and serves the extended metropolitan area. The caseload serves adults and generally consist of approximately 50-65 cases.                 2/7/2017            Assistive Technology Specialist IV (OK)    17-070 Re-Announcement of 17-046 Assistive Technology Specialist IV-I Statewide 80500281 All Sources.docx   Position is responsible for a full workload/caseload performing professional level work in Assistive Technology (AT) services for vocational rehabilitation and at time for Visual Services for DRS consumers with physical and/or mental disabilities; completes assessments for AT and/or accommodation needs/access for: home, vehicle, education, job sites, employment and computer issues; composes reports with detailed information on the assistive technology evaluation and recommendations.                 2/7/2017            Vocational Rehabilitation Specialist IV (McAlester, OK)     17-073 VR Specialist IV-II VR13 McAlester C 80500073 All Sources.docx   This position is responsible for providing vocational rehabilitation and employment services in Southeastern Oklahoma. Duties include consulting with physicians, psychologists and other disability professionals regarding functional limitations, treatment and prognosis of eligible individuals.                 2/7/2017            Rehabilitation of the Blind Specialist III (Ada, OK)     17-072 Rehab of Blind Spec III-I VS 58 Ada 80500052 All Sources.docx   Positions in this job family are assigned responsibilities specifically related to providing counseling and individualized instruction to persons who are blind or visually impaired in facilitating solutions to the challenges of being able to safely travel about in their everyday environment and in dealing with problems created by their blindness, promoting confidence and the self-esteem of the individual customer.                 1/25/2017            United Way - Resource Development Coordinator (Denton, TX)    Job Description Resource Development Coordinator.pdf   The Resource Development Coordinator in collaboration with the Resource Development Director is responsible for planning, directing and increasing all development activities including special events for United Way of Denton County through the coordination of volunteer committee chairs and committee members.                 1/23/2017            UNTWISE - Program/Project Coordinator III     UNT WISE seeks to hire a Senior Trainer.docx   UNT WISE seeks to hire a Senior Trainer (Program/Project Coordinator III): The position is one of three responsible for planning, coordinating, developing, and implementing employment and pre-employment training/instruction for a nationally recognized non-academic training program.                 1/18/2017            Vocation Rehabilitation Counselor (Wichita, KS)     Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor.pdf   Reporting to the Program Director supports the Vocational Solutions Program(s). Performs case management and vocational rehabilitation counseling activities with injured/ill workers to maintain an employer/employee relationship during the recovery period. Acts as liaison among employee, supervisor, medical professionals, Third Party Administration (TPA) and external rehabilitation professionals.                 1/11/2017            Programs Manager (Tulsa, OK)     17-060 Programs Manager II-I VS64 -Tulsa 80500260 All Sources.docx   This position is responsible for supervising professional level and support staff consisting of Vocational Rehabilitation Specialists, Rehabilitation of the Blind Specialists (both teachers and O&M instructors), and Rehabilitation Technicians in the provision of Vocational Rehabilitation Services and employment services to Oklahomans who are blind and severely visually impaired.                 1/11/2017            Psychological Clinician III (Oklahoma City, OK)    17-061 Psychological Clinician  III VR #23 OKC All Sources.docx   Position has overall responsibility to provide psychological evaluation and assessments and may require extensive overnight travel in Central and Western Oklahoma and in other areas as needed. The Psychological Clinician is subject to any guidelines, exercises discretion in selection, administration and interpretation of appropriate assessments for individuals with a suspected disability.                 1/11/2017            Rehabilitation of the Blind Specialist IV (Tulsa, OK)    17-063 Rehab of Blind Spec IV-II VS 91 Tulsa All Sources.docx   Positions in this job family are assigned responsibilities specifically related to providing counseling and individualized instruction to persons who are blind or visually impaired in facilitating solutions to the challenges of being able to safely travel about in their everyday environment and in dealing with problems created by their blindness, promoting confidence and the self-esteem of the individual customer.                 1/3/2017            Vocational Rehabilitation Specialist III (Ada, OK)    17-059 RE-ANNOUNCEMENT OF 17-044 VR Specialist III-II VR86 Ada 80500776 All Sources.docx   Under direct supervision this position will consult with physicians, psychologists, and other disability professionals regarding functional limitations, treatment and prognosis of eligible applicants.                 12/22/2016            TWC Vocation Rehabilitation Counselor I-IV (San Antonio, TX)    809142 VRC I-IV 12.21.16.pdf   The Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor (VRC) I-IV performs routine to advanced vocational rehabilitation work in support of the mission, goals and values of the Texas Workforce Commission. Applies critical thinking skills and sound decision making in performance of routine rehabilitation work in the Vocational Rehabilitation (VR) program.                 12/16/2016            Vocational Rehabilitation Specialist IV (Oklahoma City, OK)    17-057 Re-announcement of 17-037 VR Specialist IV-II VR23 OKC CPC 80500016 All Sources.docx   This position requires extensive knowledge of pencil/paper, computerized and work sample assessments related to vocational evaluations; facilitates group & individual evaluations; requires the ability to devise innovative means of testing/evaluating clients with unique challenges; partners with the VR Counselor and the client to determine appropriate vocational goals for persons with disabilities; generates clear, informative and timely reports; travels to perform evaluations upon specifi                 12/16/2016            Rehabilitation Technician II (Ada, OK)    17-056 Rehab Tech II-I VR86 Ada 80500602 All Sources.docx   This position is responsible for maintaining physical and scanned case files according to agency filing standards. Duties include timely and accurate processing of case information through the client data system. Including but not limited to applications, eligibility data, IPE\u2019s case narratives and authorizations per agency policy.                 12/12/2016            Rehabilitation Technician III - DRS (Edmond, OK)    17-050 Rehab Tech III-I VR29 Edmond 80500386 All Sources.docx   The Rehabilitation Technician position is assigned responsibilities for performing skilled and complex technical work assisting rehabilitation staff in providing rehabilitation services to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. Position performs tasks related to general office operations and reception duties based on office needs.                 8/2/2016            Disability Medical Consultant - Department of Rehabilitation Services (OKC, OK)     Department of Rehabilitation Services Please Post Job Announcement #17-008   Position Title/Code/Level:     Disability Medical Consultant, 2147                   7/29/2016            Training Specialist - Department of Rehabilitation Services (OKC, OK)     Department of Rehabilitation Services Please Post Job Announcement #17-007 Position Title/Code/Level:  Training Specialist, Level II, C41B Location:                    VR #32, Professional Development - OKC Number of Positions/PIN:  (1) Classified / 80500916 Monthly Salary Range:  Minimum Midpoint Maximum Level II (Pay Band J)   $2,428.03 $3,561.11 $4,451.39                 7/21/2016            Independent Living Service Specialist III \u2013 Cross Disabilities - HOCTIL (Dallas, TX)     POSITION:  Independent Living Service Specialist III \u2013 Cross Disabilities Specialist in Blind &/or Deaf Culture EMPLOYMENT STATUS: Full Time Exempt Position      Pages123next \u203alast                      Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.