(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/research'
p1
V                   Research | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Research       Our department has taken part in distinguished and published research in the field of rehabilitation. Below is a archived list of some of these articles.                                 Post Date                        Research Article Link                            10/20/2016            J. S. Pfaller W.-M. Tu B. Morrison F. Chan L. Owens C. A. Anderson S. Fitzgerald J. Brooks F. E. Menz "Social-Cognitive Predictors of Readiness to Use Evidence-Based Practice: A Survey of Community-Based Rehabilitation Practitioners"                 10/20/2016            Prybutok, G. \u201cImpact of the National Network of Libraries of Medicine, South Central Region Express Outreach Awards 2011-2013.\u201d                   9/13/2016            Minor, T., Chowdhury, D., & Flowers, C. (2016).  Recruitment, retention, and mentoring for diversity among Rehabilitation Counselor educators.  Rehabilitation Research, Policy and Education, 31(2), 21-34.                 9/13/2016            Chowdhury, D. (2016). Understanding and reporting violence as experienced by women with disabilities: Role of the vocational rehabilitation administrator. Journal of Rehabilitation Administration, 39(1),15-28.                 6/29/2016            Umucu, E., Lee, B., Wu, J. R., Chan, F., Blake, J., Brooks, J., & Catalano, D. (2016) Self-efficacy as a mediator for the relationship between secure attachment style and employment status in individuals with spinal cord injuries.                 6/29/2016            Tansey, T. N., Bezyak, J., Kaya, C., Ditchman, N., & Catalano, D. (2016). Resilience and quality of life: An investigation of Kumpfer\u2019s resilience model with persons with spinal cord injuries. Rehabilitation Counseling Bulletin, 1 \u2013 12, DOI: 10.1177/00343                 1/29/2016            Pain coping profiles in workers\u2019 compensation clients with chronic musculoskeletal pain: A cluster analysis                 1/29/2016            Social-cognitive predictors of readiness to use evidence-based practice: A survey of community-based rehabilitation practitioners.                 1/29/2016            Vocational rehabilitation as public health intervention for young African American men with substance use disorders.                 1/29/2016            Physical and cognitive-affective factors associated with fatigue in individuals with fibromyalgia: A multiple regression analysis.                 1/29/2016            Prediction of employment outcomes among veterans with substance use disorders: A chi-squared interaction detector analysis                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.