(S'http://dar.hps.unt.edu/news-and-events'
p1
V                 News and Events | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       News and Events                     University of North Texas Establishes Office of Substance Misuse and Mental Health Recovery Research 3/30/16 Denton, TX (March 30, 2016) \u2013 The University of North Texas\u2019 Department of Disability and Addictions Rehabilitation announces it will establish the Office of Substance Misuse and Mental Health Recovery Research in its Denton, Texas campus.  The establishment of this Office is being funded by a $100,000 gift from Andrew Burki, MSW, Founder and CEO of Life of Purpose Treatment. This gift serves as a springboard to raise 3.5 million to recruit a leading R1 researcher to serve as the chair to...       Thomas Wylie appointed to Board of Directors for Solutions of North Texas 3/10/16 Thomas Wylie, Peer Recovery Coordinator for the Recovery to Practice (RTP) Grant, has been asked to serve on the Board of Directors of Solutions of North Texas.        Pathways for Allied Health Success Open House 2/25/16        Texas Launches Student Loan Repayment Program for Mental Health Professionals  2/9/16 AUSTIN, TX -- Today, the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board (THECB) formally launched the Loan Repayment Program for Mental Health Professionals to help expand the state's mental health workforce and improve access to mental health services in Texas. The program was created during the 84th Legislative Session by the Senate Health and Human Services Chairman, Senator Charles Schwertner, MD (R-Georgetown) and House Higher Education Chairman, Representative John Zerwas, MD (R-Katy)....       Appointment Announcement - Rachita Sharma 1/29/16 Please join us in congratulating Professor Rachita Sharma who has been elected to the Texas Rehabilitation Association's executive committee and board for 2016.        Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series 1/19/16   Come join us for our Lunch and Learn Series! In Chilton Hall, Room 130 from 12:00 \u2013 1:30 PM every Tuesday. The event is free to all students, staff and faculty.                     September 13           Topic: Combining 12-Step principles with Evidence Based Counseling Theories           Presented by: Phillip Mitchell, counselor at Solutions of North Texas in Denton, Texas           Lunch provided by Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation...       Kelly Holloway Featured DARS Employee! 11/9/15 As a vocational rehabilitation counselor at the Division for Rehabilitation Services,  I help people with physical and mental disabilities develop career goals by analyzing their strengths, abilities  and interests...       The U.S. Senate Passes Senate Resolution 106 11/9/15 On March 19, 2015, the full U.S. Senate unanimously passed Senate Resolution 106, designating March 22, 2015, as National  Rehabilitation Counselors Appreciation Day. The Resolution was championed and co-sponsored by Senator Johnny Isakson of the great State of Georgia and Senator Bobby Casey of the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, both of whom serve on the Senate HELP Committee.  NationalRehabVAASSOC.pdf       Suicide Prevention Month - Send Silence Packing 11/9/15 Dr. Holloway, Shannon Long, Devyn Walker and Becky Rush went to TCU campus to view their display for Suicide Prevention Month.    "the TCU campus commons was filled with over 1000 backpacks, snagging attention to the normally pristine lawn. This was an exhibit to \u201cSend Silence Packing\u201d\u2013there was one book bag for each of the 1,100 college students who dies in an average year from suicide. Interspersed with the packs were signs reading facts and messages of hope, most...       White Cane Day 11/9/15 White Cane Day is October 15, 2014.  Will meet at NOON (12:00) at UNT on the Square.      Pages1234next \u203alast »                      Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.