(S'http://lt.unt.edu/courses'
p1
V      University of North Texas - Department of Learning Technologies                   skip to content        MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT         College of Information  Department of Learning Technologies     QUICK LINKS News Degrees & Certifications Faculty & Staff Courses & Schedules Research Current Students Advisory Board Visiting Scholars     Undergrad Master's Doctorate LT MS Certification CTE Cert.    Advisory Board Visitors  Moodle Classes.LT CourseWeb Forums.LT  CKS IITTL TCET   Printed Saturday May 6, 2017 8:36pm from http://lt.unt.edu/courses Course Descriptions   Undergraduate Graduate Doctoral   Undergraduate Course Offerings  LTEC  LTEC 1100 - Computer Applications (3) Introduction to computer usage. Integrated approach to software tools such as word processing, data-base management, spreadsheet, communications and graphics applications.                 LTEC 2100 - Surviving the Information Age (3) A collegiate guide to Internet resources and information procurement. Topics include: connecting to UNT resources, peripheral selection and use, tips for purchasing and using application software, an overview of graphics software, applications of the Internet, HTML code, methods of establishing an Internet connection, netcasting, voice and video conferencing, PC-based troubleshooting techniques, electronic research, and information processing using Internet.                 LTEC 3010 - Personal Development (3) Course provides opportunities for students to develop themselves professionally. Special emphasis is placed on image development for a chosen career and strategy development to launch that career. Time management, money management, business etiquette, selecting mentors and role models are also addressed.                 LTEC 3220 - Computer Graphics in Education and Training (3) Application of computer graphics to the preparation of multimedia and web-based materials. Includes principles of graphics communication, concepts in computer graphics, graphics input systems, graphics manipulation software, and graphics output systems.                 LTEC 3260 - Web Authoring (3) Creation of web-based materials incorporating text, graphics, and multimedia elements. Emphasis on use of standards-based technologies for creating content for web-based delivery.                 LTEC 3440 - Introduction to Instructional Technology (3) Introduction to class presentation and teacher productivity systems, including graphic, audio, video and computer-based materials. Laserdiscs, videotapes, LCD systems and computer software for the classroom.                 LTEC 3530 - Data Communications (3) Foundational skills in data communications. Covers the basics of computer networking, including terms and concepts, contemporary network services, transmission media, and protocols. Students learn how protocols are used in networking implementations from many vendors, especially those most common in today's LANs and WANs.                 LTEC 4000 - Principles of Training and Development (3) Investigates the design, delivery and evaluation of training and development programs. The relationship of modern technology and training theories are addressed.          Course Information:    LTEC 4040 - Organizational Development and Performance Improvement (3) This course explores the need for organizational change by examining the process of needs analysis, intervention selection, implementation and evaluation.  The focus of this course is on performance improvement and organizational development.                 LTEC 4050 - Entrepreneurship and Performance Improvement (3) The role of small business and the utilization of technology for performance improvement will be addressed along with the advantages and limitations of small business ownership. Small business planning and operation will be explored through the development and use of technology.                 LTEC 4060 - Project Management and Applied Technology Performance Improvement (3) This course will explore the project life-cycle of defining, planning, executing and delivery.  Students will learn and apply the processes and methods of project planning, management and evaluation through a simulation activity. The use of technology applications will be addressed to improve human performance.                 LTEC 4070 - Principles of Leadership, Empowerment and Team Building (3) The nature and scope of leadership and empowerment as it relates to applied technology and industrial training environments; the techniques for leadership, empowerment and team building are emphasized.                 LTEC 4100 - Computers in the Classroom (3) Computers in education; computer topics covered in introductory and secondary school courses. Motivation and objectives in computer education; some programming language. Instructional uses of the computer, topics in curriculum integration.                 LTEC 4110 - Instructional Design in Career and Technical Education (3) Development and use of resources for preparing contextual learning and instruction, presenting lessons and assessing learner performance. Strategies for infusing employability skills, work-based learning and applying instructional technology.                 LTEC 4120 - Instructional Strategies in Career and Technical Education (3) Basic instructional techniques and media commonly utilized in applied technology, training and development; emphasis is placed on illustrated presentations and technical demonstrations.                 LTEC 4121 - Technical Presentation Skills (3) Emphasis on technical presentation skills and electronic presentation media commonly utilized in training and development. Topics such as developing an audience profile, arranging facilities, topic introduction techniques, questioning and summary strategies are addressed.          Course Information: Meets with ATTD 5121       LTEC 4130 - Professional Responsibilities and Management in Career and Technical Education (3) Examines the role and responsibilities of career and technical education professionals as well as the importance of creating a classroom and laboratory environment that fosters a positive learning climate. The role and responsibilities of career and technical education professionals as well as technology applications, effective time management, standards for student conduct and teacher liability are addressed.                 LTEC 4140 - Work-Based Learning in Career and Technical Education (3) Study of the basic standards and recent changes in work-based learning. Emphasis is placed on developing materials to effectively facilitate the work-based learning component of a workforce education program.                 LTEC 4160 - Advanced Computer applications in Education and Training (3) Course is designed as an advanced preparation for students preparing to enter organizations in education or training that utilize modern computer-based technologies that include: graphic applications, telecommunications, networking, programming and computer-based training.                 LTEC 4200 - Performance Improvement in Education and Training (3) Introduction to the history, theory and practice of human performance technology in education and training. Explores the systemic process of analysis, intervention development, change implementation and process valuation involved in performance improvement.                 LTEC 4210 - Digital Multimedia in Education and Training (3) Production of multimedia materials using digital video and audio production techniques. Project management teams, instructional design, editing techniques, digitizing, using a video camera, and production/post-production techniques are covered.                 LTEC 4230 - Directed Occupational Internship in Industry or Training (3) (2000 clock hours equals one year of experience or 8 semester credit hours.) Supervised individual work experience in a recognized occupation or field of specialization.          Course Information: For those who meet the necessary state-mandated requirements for years of work experience these credits can be granted for successful completion of an occupational competency examination. May be repeated up to 24 hours of credit.   LTEC 4440 - Advanced Instructional Strategies (3) Emphasis on advanced instructional techniques; including questioning, discussion, problem-solving, motivation, and instructional development used in applied technology and industrial training setting.          Course Information:    LTEC 4470 - Human Relations in Business, Education and Industry (3) A study of the components of human relations and interpersonal communication factors in business, education, trade and industrial education and training programs.          Course Information:    LTEC 4510 - Communications in Business, Education and Industry (3) Important factors in succeeding on the job. Emphasis is placed on communication, strategies for conducting meetings and seminars, conflict management, developing and arranging agendas, itineraries, minutes and business reports, designing and using business graphics, and job-getting communication.                 LTEC 4550 - Network Systems Administration (3) Study of file and print network services in a directory services environment. Topics include server configuration, user management, resource allocation, risk management, and disaster recovery.                 LTEC 4560 - Internet Services Administration (3) Design and implementation of Internet information services including FTP, NNTP, World Wide Web, and streaming media. Conferencing using H.323 and T.120 standards-based systems. Students both design and build various information services using representative software tools and hardware platforms.                 LTEC 4740 - Instructional Internship in Applied Technology and Training (3) Supervised observation and instructional practice in an approved applied technology program or industrial training environment; discussion and evaluation seminars are scheduled.                 LTEC 4741 - Applied Technology and Performance Improvement Capstone (3) A capstone course designed for students to synthesize the knowledge, skills and attitudes learned throughout the undergraduate degree in Applied Technology and Performance Improvement. Students will demonstrate their ability to articulate career pathways, apply technology in the workplace, and contribute to the organizational structure of either business and industry or education.                 LTEC 4800 - Studies in Education  (0) Organized classes for program needs; consent of department. Limited-offering basis. May be repeated for credit.                 LTEC 4900 - Special Problems (3) Contact instructor for class details.          Course Information:     Undergraduate Graduate Doctoral   Graduate Course Offerings  LTEC  LTEC 5000 - Performance Assessment in Workforce Learning and Performance (3) A focus on the preliminary assessment of human performance problems in organizations. The design, development, implementation and evaluation of training programs for supervisors and trainers is discussed.                 LTEC 5010 - Computer Tools for Learning (3) Application of computer software tools in education. Study of computer application packages and their utilization in the classroom.                 LTEC 5020 - Computers in Learning Technologies (3) Analysis of computer use in education and applications programming in education. Topics include software and hardware evaluation, planning computer education curricula and facilities.                 LTEC 5030 - Foundations of Learning Technologies (3) Introduction to Learning Technologies.                 LTEC 5040 - Online Design and Pedagogy (3) This course focuses on the theory and process of design and pedagogy as it relates to online instructional delivery and systems.                 LTEC 5100 - Foundation of Workforce Learning and Performance (3) This overview course investigates the design, delivery and evaluation of training programs. The relationship of modern technology and training theories with organizational practices will also be addressed.                 LTEC 5110 - Curriculum Design and Instructional Resources (3) Development, organization and use of curriculum materials and resources in career and technical education, with an emphasis on employability skills, work-based learning and instructional technology.                 LTEC 5111 - Introduction to Video Technology (3) Basic skills in the production of audio and video materials for multi-media and other digital presentation media. Study of both analog and digital production techniques, nature of audio and video signals, and how those signals are optimized in both the analog and digital domains. Other topics include camera techniques, shot composition, scene construction and visual continuity, audio techniques, script preparation, optimization of finished product and distribution mediums.                 LTEC 5120 - Demonstrating Effective Presentation Skills (3) Such instructional strategies as lecture and demonstration are emphasized; includes introduction, questioning and summary techniques, as well as the use of basic media commonly utilized in technical presentations.                 LTEC 5121 - Corporate Training Presentation Skills (3) Such training strategies as job coaching and small group instruction are emphasized; includes motivation techniques, one-on-one interaction skills, questioning and summary techniques and the use of electronic presentation media.                 LTEC 5130 - Roles and Responsibilities of Career and Technical Education Professionals (3) Focuses on the career and technical education teacher's role in the classroom, laboratory, school and community. Emphasizes the roles of technology, discipline and liability.                 LTEC 5140 - Developing Work-Based Experiences in Career and Technical Education (3) This course is designed to address all aspects of work-based learning. Basic standards and the development of educational training opportunities are included.                 LTEC 5160 - Advanced Computer Applications in Education and Training (3) Advanced preparation for students entering into education or training organizations that utilize modern computer-based technologies including graphic applications, telecommunications, networking, programming and instructional technology.                 LTEC 5200 - New Technologies of Instruction (3) Selection, utilization and evaluation of media technology, and techniques used in the instructional programs of education and industry. Includes hands-on digital audio and visual processes.                 LTEC 5210 - Instructional Systems Design I (3) The design of instructional systems is examined through research reports on the theoretical assumptions of learning and analysis of learning systems as they apply to the development of educational and instructional training programs.                 LTEC 5211 - Instructional Systems Design II (3) Advanced study and application of instructional design principles and models for real world settings. This course covers the development of instruction ranging from face-to-face training to digital and online learning technology systems. The course builds upon theory and research studied in instructional systems design. Also covered is group management of instructional design processes.                 LTEC 5220 - Multimedia in Technology Applications (3) Study and analysis of the use of the computer to deliver instruction. Topics include design, development, and review techniques for CAI, current trends in CAI technology and lesson development with an authoring language.                 LTEC 5240 - Authoring Learning Games, Sims, and Virtual Environments (3) Creation of comprehensive computer-based instructional systems that integrate presentation of materials with the monitoring of student performance and modification of the instructional system based on both internal and external factors. The class will focus on the use of current authoring system tools to develop representative systems.                 LTEC 5260 - Computer Graphics for Mediated Communications (3) Application of computer graphics to the preparation and presentation of mediated materials. Includes principles of graphics communication, concepts in computer graphics, graphics input systems, graphics manipulation software and graphics output systems.                 LTEC 5300 - Learning and Cognition (3) The study and analysis of models of cognitive systems including acquiring, manipulating, storing, interpreting and using information; special emphasis on the unique interactions between human information processing and computer-based processing as they apply to the instructional environment.                 LTEC 5310 - Human-Computer Interaction (3) Study of the human as an information processor. Computer interface design that takes into consideration human capabilities and limitations. Educational implications of system input/output facilities. Impact upon instructional system design.                 LTEC 5320 - Contemporary Issues in Workforce Learning and Performance (3) The course focuses on research issues in applied technology, training and development. Problems related to the fields of applied technology, organizational culture, training and human resource development, research designs and statistical methods for conducting research in training and development will be studied.                 LTEC 5340 - Capstone I in Workforce Learning and Performance (3) A general orientation to basic methods of research in applied technology, training and development; including the scientific method as a basis for analysis, interpretation of results. This course should be taken in the last 15 semester hours of the program.                 LTEC 5360 - Capstone 2 in Workforce Learning and Performance (3) A seminar designed to assist master's candidates in conducting research in the field of applied technology, training and development, including the dissemination and discussion of findings. Scheduled during last resident registration.                 LTEC 5400 - Learning Technologies Telecommunications (3) Study and analysis of past and currently-emerging telecommunication technologies and their application to learning technologies. Topics include history of telecommunication, digital and wireless communications, computer networks and distance learning.                 LTEC 5420 - Web Authoring (3) Course to aid education and training professionals in creating Web-based materials and application utilizing Internet resources. Integration of text, graphics, and multimedia elements in a web environment.                 LTEC 5421 - Advanced Web and Media Development (3) Development of Web and Media systems using advanced methods and programming/scripting. The instructor will choose the language(s) to be used during the course. Past languages have included Flash, Java, Perl, PHP/HTML, and others.                 LTEC 5440 - Facilitation Strategies in Applied Technology Training (3) Advanced instructional strategies, such as group facilitation, cooperative learning, questioning, discussion, problem-solving, simulation, reflective teaching and other instructional techniques. Participants are expected to employ various presentation techniques through small group exercises.                  LTEC 5450 - Building Internet Information Services (3) Design and implementation of Internet information services including FTP, conferencing, and the World Wide Web. Students design and build various information services using software tools and hardware platforms representative of those used in education and training.                 LTEC 5460 - Computer Networks for Learning Environments (3) Study of computer networks used in support of education and training. Includes topics in network topologies, wiring, administration, risk management and disaster recovery. Special emphasis is placed on the application of network technologies to K-12 educational environments, higher education and the training environments of business, industry and the military.                 LTEC 5470 - Interpersonal Skills Development (3) Development of human relations and communication skills; human relations as a factor in developing programs in business, education and industry.                 LTEC 5490 - Diversity Issues in Applied Technology, Training and Development (3) This course will address general diversity issues that affect applied technology, training and development. Effective strategies and model programs will be discussed to enhance individual development in applied technology classrooms and training and development courses.                 LTEC 5510 - Technology Based Learning Environments (3) This course focuses on the process of design, implementation and evaluation of the content and context of teaching and learning in technology-based learning environments.  The course will cover an array of technology-based learning environments that may include web-based learning management systems, 3-D immersive environments, and others.                 LTEC 5570 - Ethical, Legal and Professional Issues in Computing (3) Focus on research literature and current issues dealing with ethical and legal issues within the computing profession. Includes units on intellectual property, moral philosophy, gender and minority issues affecting computer education.                 LTEC 5580 - Readings Seminar in Learning Technologies (3) Broad reading in a defined area of technology interaction. Requires the critical evaluation of sources with particular emphasis on methodology and application to educational environments. CECS majors must take this course during the last 6 hours. ** Course MUST be taken the fall semester before graduation **                 LTEC 5610 - Analysis of Research in Learning Technologies (3) Interpretation, analysis and synthesis of current research in educational technology for the purpose of integrating research methodology and application to educational environments.                 LTEC 5800 - Studies in Learning Technologies (3)    LTEC 5800 - Studies in Learning Technologies (3) Organized classes specifically designed to accommodate the needs of students and the demands of program development that are not met by the regular offerings.                  LTEC 5900 - Special Problems (3) Open to graduate students who are capable of developing a problem independently. Open only to resident students.                 LTEC 5900 - Special Problems (3)    LTEC 5910 - Special Problems (3) Open to graduate students who are capable of developing a problem independently. Open only to resident students.                 LTEC 5910 - Special Problems (3)     Undergraduate Graduate Doctoral   Doctoral Course Offerings  LTEC  LTEC 6000 - Philosophy of Computing in Learning Technologies (3) Examination of the philosophical underpinnings of use of computers in learning technologies: why we are interested in this technology; what we hope to accomplish; intended and unintended changes that will occur by its use.                 LTEC 6010 - Theories of Instructional Technology (3) To examine and understand the underlying philosophical approaches to learning and the paradigms which guide instructional design. To describe how the use of computing and other technologies are enabled within each paradigm.                 LTEC 6011 - Technological Innovations in Training and Development (3) Study of current technological trends in the field of training and development. Emphasis on technologies used in the design, development and support of training programs.                 LTEC 6020 - Advanced Instructional Design: Models and Strategies (3) This course will provide students with advanced instructional design and development skills as well as the conceptual underpinnings for various instructional design models. The course will also familiarize students with a number of different design models that can be used in corporate and/or educational settings.                 LTEC 6021 - Needs Analysis and Curriculum Development (3) Study of learning outcomes, including goals, general objectives and performance objectives. Emphasis on curriculum derivation utilizing a competency-based curriculum system.                 LTEC 6030 - Emerging Technologies and Education (3) Investigation of the challenges and opportunities of implementing emerging technologies in educational environments. Emphasis on understanding their use to meet educational needs and goals.                 LTEC 6031 - Trends and Issues in Applied Technology, Training and Development (3) A study of current national trends and issues in the fields of applied technology, training and development. Emphasis on topics related to leadership, organizational culture and total quality improvement.                 LTEC 6040 - Theory and Practice of Distributed Learning (3) Study of theory and practice of distance education and its application to the planning, development, utilization and evaluation of distance educations systems in educational environments. Various distance education systems will be investigated.                 LTEC 6121 - Leadership Development in Applied Technology and Training (3) The function of the applied technology administrator and training facilitator as a professional leader in developing, planning, organizing, controlling, coordinating and evaluating programs, services and activities.                 LTEC 6171 - Consulting Skills (3) Overview of the role of the consultant in HRD. Skills of organizing a practice, marketing consulting services, performing consulting services and performing practice management procedures.                 LTEC 6181 - Evaluation and Accountability in Applied Technology and Training (3) Methods and procedures used in evaluating applied technology and industrial training programs; services, activities and current practices used in determining and improving accountability.                 LTEC 6200 - Message Design in Learning Technologies (3) Principles linking instructional conditions and learning outcomes. Relationship between learning theory and instructional practices in technology delivered instruction. Topics include motivation, perception, cognition, and attitude change.                  LTEC 6210 - Theory of Design of Interactive Multimedia Systems (3) Study of theory and practice of interactive, multimedia computer technologies in the design and production of interactive learning systems.                 LTEC 6220 - Theory of Learning Technology Implementation (3) Examination of classic and contemporary research to develop an understanding of the issues of successful technology implementation and the implications in educational environments. This is an advanced course that explores underlying theory, concepts, and technologies that are used to develop interactive multimedia.                 LTEC 6230 - Advanced Production Design for Learning Technologies (3) Advanced design and implementation of educational multimedia and hypermedia products utilizing strategies from message design, human factors research, learning theory and other theoretical and critical approaches. This is a project-based course emphasizing analysis design, development, implementation and evaluation.                 LTEC 6240 - Artificial Intelligence Applications (3) Theoretical and practical educational applications of AI are discussed. Topics studied include neural computing, social issues in AI, natural language processing and robotics.                 LTEC 6250 - Learning Technology Systems Design and Management (3) Study and analysis of facility design, organizational patterns, administrative strategies, and alternative structures for achieving and evaluating media-based instructional and production components. Includes selection, procurement and control of hardware and software inventories. Management tools including protection of intellectual property, security issues and budgeting strategies are discussed.                 LTEC 6260 - Creating Technology-Based Learning Environments (3) Study of the design and development of technology infused learning environments. Develops understanding of constructivist philosophy of keeping students active, constructive, collaborative, intentional, complex, contextual, conversational and reflective.                 LTEC 6270 - Developing Funding Opportunities in Learning Technologies (3) The ideal grant is a match between the needs of an organization and the desires of a funding agency. Students examine grants from both viewpoints and build on that knowledge to write effective grant proposals. In addition to investigating some of the logistics of grant-writing, this course examines the relationship between a granting agency and its recipients.                 LTEC 6480 - Research Seminar (3) An orientation to basic methods of doctoral dissertation research in applied technology, training and development; including the scientific methods as a basis for analysis and interpretation of results. Students begin preparation of a dissertation proposal in the field of applied technology, training and development.                 LTEC 6510 - Introduction to Research in Learning Technologies (3) Students will be introduced to research in the field of Learning Technologies and Information Sciences. Students will survey introductory research and analysis in these fields of study.                 LTEC 6511 - Analysis of Research in Learning Technologies (3) Students will analyze current research in educational computing as a tool for understanding the unique characteristics of technology based research activities in educational environments. Special consideration will be given to strategies for separating influences in research designs that incorporate technology as tools and as variables in the design. Students will also identify potential dissertation research topics and prepare preliminary reports that will be critiqued in class in preparation for doing the dissertation.                 LTEC 6512 - Analysis of Qualitative Research in Learning Technologies (3) Students will analyze qualitative research in Learning Technologies and Information Sciences as a tool for understanding the unique characteristics of technology and information based research activities in the fields. Special consideration will be given to research approaches that examine learning technologies. Students will also identify potential dissertation research topics and prepare preliminary reports that will be critiqued in class in preparation for doing the dissertation.                 LTEC 6514 - Seminar on Advanced Research Topics in Learning Technologies and Information Sciences (3) Students will examine and analyze advanced research topics in Learning Technologies and Information Sciences. The range of research analysis topic(s) to be covered by the course will be determined by the instructor.                 LTEC 6515 - Advanced Research: Scaling Methods (3)    LTEC 6516 - Advanced Research: Computer Mediated Discourse Analysis (3)    LTEC 6700 - Practicum/Internship (3) Supervised professional activities in the profession. Students will spend a pre determined number of hours working with an appropriate site in education or business. During class meetings, students will review practicum experiences and analyze issues associated with a career in the profession.                 LTEC 6701 - Practicum, Field Problems or Internship (3) Supervised professional activities in vocational education.                  LTEC 6800 - Special Topics in Learning Technologies (3) Organized classes specifically designed to accommodate the needs of students and the demands of program development that are not met by the regular offerings.                 LTEC 6900 - Special Problems in Learning Technologies (3) Independent study and research in fields of special interest. Conferences with professors in the fields are also included.                 LTEC 6910 - Special Problems in Learning Technologies (3) Independent study and research in fields of special interest. Conferences with professors in the fields are also included.                 LTEC 6950 - Doctoral Dissertation (3)       Courses  Semester Schedules Course Offering Schedule Schedule of Classes - Registrar     Bachelor of Applied Arts & Sciences Gain your Bachelor's degree online.   Get Started     Master Degrees You may be closer than you think.   Get Started     Doctoral Degrees Learning Technologies offers three Ph.D. programs.   Get Started                Visit Us  UNT Discovery Park                         1st Floor, G Wing, Suite 150  [map]   Mail Us  Dept. of Learning Technologies                         3940 N. Elm, Suite G150                         Denton, Texas 76207                            Contact Us                          Phone: 940-565-2057                         Fax: 940-565-4194                         Email: LT-info@unt.edu Technical problems?      Site last updated on  March 19, 2017 Built with Laravel v4.0.10   Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Web Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness      
p2
t.