(S'http://lt.unt.edu/research'
p1
V      University of North Texas - Department of Learning Technologies                 skip to content        MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT         College of Information  Department of Learning Technologies     QUICK LINKS News Degrees & Certifications Faculty & Staff Courses & Schedules Research Current Students Advisory Board Visiting Scholars     Undergrad Master's Doctorate LT MS Certification CTE Cert.    Advisory Board Visitors  Moodle Classes.LT CourseWeb Forums.LT  CKS IITTL TCET   Printed Saturday May 6, 2017 8:36pm from http://lt.unt.edu/research Research at Learning Technologies Research is an important aspect of the Learning Technologies Department. Research projects increase the knowledge within our field while allowing graduate students to be actively involved in projects that enhance their educational experience. The LT Department has a strong history of enhancing its research and reputation through grant funding. Since 2000, more than 20 million dollars in research funding has been obtained through the centers in LT: the Texas Center for Educational Technology (TCET) \u2013 one of the oldest research centers at UNT, the Institution for the Integration of Technology into Teaching and Learning (IITTL), and the Center for Knowledge Solutions (the newest LT center). In addition to the three research centers, the Department of  Learning Technologies has two research labs. The Technology and Applied  Research in Autism Laboratory (TARA Lab) and the Joint Research Laboratory  (JoRel).                  Centers Labs                Visit Us  UNT Discovery Park                         1st Floor, G Wing, Suite 150  [map]   Mail Us  Dept. of Learning Technologies                         3940 N. Elm, Suite G150                         Denton, Texas 76207                            Contact Us                          Phone: 940-565-2057                         Fax: 940-565-4194                         Email: LT-info@unt.edu Technical problems?      Site last updated on  March 19, 2017 Built with Laravel v4.0.10   Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Web Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness      
p2
t.