(S'http://lt.unt.edu/current_students'
p1
V      University of North Texas - Department of Learning Technologies                  skip to content        MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT         College of Information  Department of Learning Technologies     QUICK LINKS News Degrees & Certifications Faculty & Staff Courses & Schedules Research Current Students Advisory Board Visiting Scholars     Undergrad Master's Doctorate LT MS Certification CTE Cert.    Advisory Board Visitors  Moodle Classes.LT CourseWeb Forums.LT  CKS IITTL TCET   Printed Saturday May 6, 2017 8:36pm from http://lt.unt.edu/current_students Current Students Student Forms Degree/Coursework Related Forms  College of Information Advising Memo Degree Plan Change Form Special Problems Form LT Grade Appeal Process  Degree Plan - Masters (LT - Instructional Systems Track) Degree Plan - Masters (LT - Instructional Systems Design) Degree Plan - Masters (LT - Instructional Systems Technology Track) Degree Plan - Masters (LT - Teaching and Learning with Technology Track) Degree Plan - Masters (WLP \u2014 Corporate Training) Degree Plan - Masters (WLP \u2014 CTE) Degree Plan - Doctoral (LT - Residential or Distributed) Degree Plan - Doctoral (ATPI)   Qualifying Exam Forms  Application for Qualifying and Oral Exam [ATPI PHD] Application for Qualifying Exam (Portfolio and Oral Exam) [LT PHD] LT Doctoral Portfolio Rubric Qualifying Examination Results  Dissertation Proposal Forms  Dissertation Proposal Form  Dissertation Defense Forms  Doctoral Defense Form  Handbooks  LT Ph.D. Handbook   Student Services One of the first tasks you will want to complete as a new student is to set up your account at MyUNT. Through this account, you can register and pay for classes, apply for financial aid, get an email account, and more--all ONLINE! You can also find information on registering for and attending classes on the UNT website. Computing Centers The Learning Technologies' Advanced Research Laboratory serves the department's students and faculty, in their pursuit of high quality research. The Lab offers several services for faculty and staff to assist in achieving their academic goals in the areas of Educational Computing, Instructional Technology, and technology-based Learning Systems. The Lab is located in the Discovery Park, room G152. Online Courses Many of the online courses or components of traditional courses in this program are delivered through Blackboard. If you are unfamiliar with Blackboard, you may wish to browse through the Blackboard student resources. If your course is not in Blackboard, contact the instructor or check with the department office. Advising If you are wondering what courses to register for, see the list of program courses listed under the tab for your degree program in this site. If you have additional questions, please feel free to contact the department office.      Bachelor of Applied Arts & Sciences Gain your Bachelor's degree online.   Get Started     Master Degrees You may be closer than you think.   Get Started     Doctoral Degrees Learning Technologies offers three Ph.D. programs.   Get Started                Visit Us  UNT Discovery Park                         1st Floor, G Wing, Suite 150  [map]   Mail Us  Dept. of Learning Technologies                         3940 N. Elm, Suite G150                         Denton, Texas 76207                            Contact Us                          Phone: 940-565-2057                         Fax: 940-565-4194                         Email: LT-info@unt.edu Technical problems?      Site last updated on  March 19, 2017 Built with Laravel v4.0.10   Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Web Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness      
p2
t.