(S'http://lt.unt.edu/undergraduate'
p1
V      University of North Texas - Department of Learning Technologies                  skip to content        MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT         College of Information  Department of Learning Technologies     QUICK LINKS News Degrees & Certifications Faculty & Staff Courses & Schedules Research Current Students Advisory Board Visiting Scholars     Undergrad Master's Doctorate LT MS Certification CTE Cert.    Advisory Board Visitors  Moodle Classes.LT CourseWeb Forums.LT  CKS IITTL TCET   Printed Saturday May 6, 2017 8:36pm from http://lt.unt.edu/undergraduate Undergraduate Degrees Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences in Applied Technology & Performance Improvement  The Bachelor of Applied Arts and Sciences (BAAS) degree program, with a major in Applied Technology & Performance Improvement, consists of 120 hours divided as follows:  42 hours in the University Core 36 hours in an Applied Technology specialization 42 hours in Professional Development The BAAS program is 100% online  The undergraduate program consists of required coursework in areas such as personal development, instructional strategies, leadership, advanced computer technology, human relations, project management and communications. The balance of hours completed in the major are in consultation with a student's advisor. Additionally, this program is designed to provide a pathway for community college students to complete a bachelor's degree program. Students in the BAAS degree program are preparing for careers in business, industry, government and education. This degree program is designed for students who have an associate's degree in a technology program at a community college. Within this degree is an option to pursue Career and Technical Education teacher certification at the secondary level. Career and Technical Education requires 3-5 years of employment experience in one of the fields of applied technology. For more information contact:      College of Information Advising Office  (940) 565-2445  Email: CI-Advising@unt.edu  Computer Education and Cognitive Systems Minor Computer Education and Cognitive Systems (CECS) is available as an undergraduate minor. Students interested in using CECS as a minor should contact Dr. Demetria Ennis-Cole:      University of North Texas     Dr. Demetria Ennis-Cole     Learning Technologies     3940 N. Elm, G150     Denton, TX 76207     (940) 565-3536     E-mail: demetria.ennis-cole@unt.edu      Undergraduate   Bachelor of Applied Arts & Sciences   Master's Doctorate LT MS Certification CTE Certification     Master Degrees You may be closer than you think.   Get Started     Doctoral Degrees Learning Technologies offers three Ph.D. programs.   Get Started                Visit Us  UNT Discovery Park                         1st Floor, G Wing, Suite 150  [map]   Mail Us  Dept. of Learning Technologies                         3940 N. Elm, Suite G150                         Denton, Texas 76207                            Contact Us                          Phone: 940-565-2057                         Fax: 940-565-4194                         Email: LT-info@unt.edu Technical problems?      Site last updated on  March 19, 2017 Built with Laravel v4.0.10   Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy Web Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness      
p2
t.