(S'http://htm.unt.edu/content/hospitality-management-and-event-management-graduate-certificates'
p1
V          Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates | Hospitality & Tourism Management                                    Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu »  Home Undergraduate »  Undergraduate About Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS   Graduate »  Graduate About Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application   About Us »  About Us About Department Faculty and Staff   Student Resources »  Student Resources Advising »  Advising Undergraduate  Advising   Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour   Future Students »  Future Students International Students »  International Students Pre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program   Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book   The Club »  The Club About The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu   INVEST                 Hospitality & Tourism Management         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Hospitality & Tourism Management             Main menu   Home UndergraduateAbout Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS  GraduateAbout Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application  About UsAbout Department Faculty and Staff  Student ResourcesAdvisingUndergraduate  Advising  Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour  Future StudentsInternational StudentsPre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program  Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book  The ClubAbout The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu  INVEST                                                 Home Undergraduate GraduateHospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates  The Club About Us Faculty & Staff Invest            Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates  Meet the Graduate CoordinatorClick here for information regarding gainful employment dataForms:Degree Planning Sheet - Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate CertificatesDegree Plan Degree Modification Form   What is a graduate certificate?   The College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism offers three 12-hour graduate certificates which will provide access to the knowledge, experiences, research skills, and critical analysis offered at the graduate level. In addition, the certificates will provide the recipients with credible documentation of the body of knowledge that they have gained at the University of North Texas.  Who is suited for a graduate certificate?    Students who may not be able to or interested in completing a 36-hour degree program.    Working professionals with time and place constraints who need some re-tooling and updating in their fields.    Company-supported employees who seek advanced education to meet professional development requirements for periodic reviews and/or promotion.  What are the benefits of a graduate certificate?  The graduate certificate program will provide the following benefits:    Understand the complexities of two diverse and growing sectors of international commerce: hospitality industries.    Develop tools that will assist in the complexities of event management in either the merchandising or hospitality area.    Develop skills in critical analysis of data and information resources that are used in decision making.    Examine hospitality management strategies that build service, product, and profit capabilities of a business.    Interpret current trends in hospitality industries with application to specific company objectives within the industry.    Examine the impact of technology on consumer demand, company growth, and resource management in hospitality industries.    Propose solutions to merchandising/hospitality issues and concerns in the areas of product development, service, and/or resource management.    Evaluate performance of hospitality businesses in areas of service, product, technology, and/or resource management.    The competencies gained may enhance career potential and professional development.  What is the delivery format?  Certificates are offered primarily as 100% online via Blackboard. The distributed learning format may have high appeal to the working professionals who may be limited by time or geographic location. A few select resident graduate classes are scheduled in evenings to meet the needs of nontraditional students.  Will a graduate certificate count toward a graduate degree?  Certificate students who choose to continue in a degree program are required to meet all the requirements of students seeking a degree in the College. Satisfactory work on graduate courses for the certificate may be applied in a degree program upon advisement of the graduate program coordinator, department chair, and student\u2019s major professor (selected if pursuing an M.S. degree).                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.