(S'http://htm.unt.edu/content/undergraduate-advising'
p1
V          Undergraduate Advising | Hospitality & Tourism Management                                           Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu »  Home Undergraduate »  Undergraduate About Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS   Graduate »  Graduate About Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application   About Us »  About Us About Department Faculty and Staff   Student Resources »  Student Resources Advising »  Advising Undergraduate  Advising   Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour   Future Students »  Future Students International Students »  International Students Pre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program   Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book   The Club »  The Club About The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu   INVEST                 Hospitality & Tourism Management         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Hospitality & Tourism Management             Main menu   Home UndergraduateAbout Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS  GraduateAbout Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application  About UsAbout Department Faculty and Staff  Student ResourcesAdvisingUndergraduate  Advising  Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour  Future StudentsInternational StudentsPre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program  Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book  The ClubAbout The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu  INVEST                                                           Undergraduate Advising     Advising plays an important role in guiding you through your educational experience.                  940.565.4635     Schedule an Appointment                     Meet your adviser              Kelly Ayers, M.Ed., LPC   CMHT Director of Advising (Advises HFMD and DRTL)        Philip Aguinaga, M.Ed., LPC Intern   Academic Counselor (Advises HMGT M-Z)        Brittany Barrett, MSIS   Academic Counselor (Advises MDSE and RETL M-Z)        Amanda Johnson   Academic Advisor (Advises MDSE and RETL A-L)        Syleria Skinner   Administrative Specialist III        Jaymi Wenzel   Academic Advisor ( Advises HMGT A-L )                            Frequently Asked Questions          What are my degree requirements?     BS in Hospitality Management (HMGT) These degree requirement sheets reflect the most current catalog year. Please see your advisor to obtain a degree requirement sheet for your specific catalog year.      Where is the CMHT advising office?   We are located in Chilton Hall, in room 385.      Can I make an appointment with my advisor?   Yes, you must schedule an appointment whenever you want to meet with your advisor. You can either call the CMHT advising office at 940-565-4635, or stop by Chilton 385. You may schedule up to two weeks in advance. Your advisor's availability will vary and becomes particularly erratic around registration.       What are the GPA requirements for CMHT?   GPA requirements for all degrees in CMHT:   A minimum of 2.5 grade point average in all courses completed at UNT; and     A minimum of 2.5 grade point average in all coursework attempted, including transfer; and     A minimum of 2.5 grade point average in the professional field (major), with minimum grades of C required in all CMHT, DRTL, HFMD, HMGT, MDSE, and RETL courses.   Additional information can be found in the undergraduate catalog.      I'm interested in graduate school. Who should I call?   Dr. Lisa Kennon is our Graduate Coordinator. You can set up a meeting with Dr. Kennon by calling or emailing her directly: 940.565.4257 | kennon@unt.edu Currently all of our other academic advisors work with undergraduate students.      I just have a quick question for an advisor; do I need to make an appointment?   If you have a general question about academics, scheduling, equivalencies, or need to be connected with campus resources, you can email your advisor. For more specific questions, your advisor may ask that you schedule an appointment to have your concern adequately addressed.                                      Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.