(S'http://htm.unt.edu/content/student-organizations'
p1
V          Student Organizations | Hospitality & Tourism Management                                    Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu »  Home Undergraduate »  Undergraduate About Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS   Graduate »  Graduate About Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application   About Us »  About Us About Department Faculty and Staff   Student Resources »  Student Resources Advising »  Advising Undergraduate  Advising   Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour   Future Students »  Future Students International Students »  International Students Pre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program   Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book   The Club »  The Club About The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu   INVEST                 Hospitality & Tourism Management         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Hospitality & Tourism Management             Main menu   Home UndergraduateAbout Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS  GraduateAbout Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application  About UsAbout Department Faculty and Staff  Student ResourcesAdvisingUndergraduate  Advising  Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour  Future StudentsInternational StudentsPre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program  Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book  The ClubAbout The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu  INVEST                                                 Home Undergraduate Graduate The Club About Us Faculty & Staff Invest            Hospitality and Tourism Management Student Organizations        Eta Sigma Delta (ESD)       Eta Sigma Delta (ESD) is an international honor society that recognizes exceptional academic achievement among hospitality and tourism students at the baccalaureate and master levels. Eta Sigma Delta is administered by the International Council on Hotel, Restaurant and Institution Education (I-CHRIE), the leading international association devoted to hospitality and tourism education. The ESD chapter provides professional, organizational and educational benefits that affect individual students, the hospitality program and the institution. The professional benefits include an opportunity for outstanding students to distinguish themselves in the eyes of educators, recruiters and industry executives in an increasingly competitive industry. In addition, ESD provides a networking system among its 60+ chapters that allows for interaction and the exchange of information between students. Educational benefits include the opportunity for ESD chapters to provide a stimulus for students to strive for academic excellence. To this end, the members of Eta Sigma Delta offer a FREE tutorial service to all hospitality management students.  UNT Student Organization linkParent Organization link        Club Managers Association of America (CMAA)       The UNT Chapter of CMAA is a student organization that offers a source of education, networking, and professional development to students interested in the club industry. The UNT chapter of CMAA holds regularly scheduled meetings under the guidance of a faculty advisor and a CMAA liaison club manager. Chapter meetings provide students with opportunities to participate in valuable career growth and leadership. Each meeting has a guest speaker from the club management profession, which provides a valuable benefit to our student members. The Mission of The Club Managers Association of America is to advance the profession of club management by fulfilling the educational and related needs of its members. *Revised by the Board of Directors in 1992.  UNT Student Organization linkParent Organization link        Student Event Planners Association (SEPA)       As an organization, everything we do is with the intent to inspire, motivate and educate our members. SEPA is developing more than event professionals; we are developing leaders. When you join SEPA, you do not join a \u201cnetwork\u201d or a \u201ccommunity,\u201d you join a family. Our hope is that all who affiliate with our organization develop a sincere passion for the industry and for continued education. We are committed to your success as a life-long student of this industry.       Our mission is to prepare students, professionals and businesses for success in the event planning and hospitality industry. SEPA serves as a professional outlet for members to gain knowledge and experience, develop skills, and network.  UNT Student Organization linkParent Organization link        Hospitality Financial and Technology Professionals (HFTP)       To provide the opportunity to aggressively network with top tier professionals. To gain a better understanding of the professional uses of accounting, financial and technology, management, in the hospitality industry  UNT Student Organization linkParent Organization link        Hotel Association of Tarrant County Collegiate Chapter (HATC)       The Hotel Association of Tarrant County is an organization dedicated to providing communication between key hospitality industry leaders in Tarrant County. The student chapter allows students the opportunity to gain industry knowledge through networking and learning from professionals. Student benefits include current legislative and CVB updates, a mentoring program, community service opportunities, and many more.  UNT Student Organization linkParent Organization link        Mean Green Culinary Club       The Mean Green Culinary Club is a group of college students who share a passion for cooking and are eager to learn the art of cooking as well as further develop their culinary skills. They enjoy learning about different parts of the world through their foods and cultures.  UNT Student Organization link         National Society of Minorities in Hospitality (NSMH)       NSMH will be nationally recognized as the premier professional organization for developing exceptional minority student talent and leadership. As the UNT Chapter, we want to promote growth in the industry and our member\u2019s success. Members do not have to be minorities to enjoy the benefits of this club, only do they need to be in hospitality to hold an officer or chair position, and vote in meetings.  UNT Student Organization linkParent Organization link        DECA       UNT Collegiate DECA prepares emerging leaders and entrepreneurs in marketing, finance, hospitality and management (but applies to all majors and degree plans). DECA focuses on competition, workplace competence, and networking in a professional environment, while creating an academically prepared, community oriented, professionally responsible experienced leader.  UNT Student Organization linkParent Organization link        HOSPITALITY & TOURISM MANAGEMENT GRADUATE STUDENTS ORGANIZATION (HTMGO)       This Organization has been set up to promote HTM Graduate Students, to provide fellowship between HTM graduate students and faculty of the department, to represent student needs and wants including research, mentoring, networking, etc.  UNT Student Organization link                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.