(S'http://htm.unt.edu/content/guest-chef-day'
p1
V          Guest Chef Day | Hospitality & Tourism Management                                    Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu »  Home Undergraduate »  Undergraduate About Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS   Graduate »  Graduate About Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application   About Us »  About Us About Department Faculty and Staff   Student Resources »  Student Resources Advising »  Advising Undergraduate  Advising   Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour   Future Students »  Future Students International Students »  International Students Pre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program   Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book   The Club »  The Club About The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu   INVEST                 Hospitality & Tourism Management         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Hospitality & Tourism Management             Main menu   Home UndergraduateAbout Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS  GraduateAbout Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application  About UsAbout Department Faculty and Staff  Student ResourcesAdvisingUndergraduate  Advising  Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour  Future StudentsInternational StudentsPre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program  Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book  The ClubAbout The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu  INVEST                                                 Home Undergraduate Graduate The ClubGuest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu  About Us Faculty & Staff Invest            Guest Chef Day Spring 2017  - Tuesday, April 4th Tickets are SOLD OUT for Guest Chef Day.  Guest Chef Bio:  Nicholas Ocando(Nick) joins us from Hibiscus Dallas, where he served as Executive Chef for two and a half years. Nick is passionate about quality ingredients and sources local products as much as possible. His love for cooking started when he was just 13 years old. He was inspired by helping maintain his family\u2019s seasonal garden and watching his mother prepare home-cooked meals.   After graduating with a culinary arts degree from Le Cordon Bleu at Atlantic Culinary Academy in 2003, Ocando began his professional career in Puerto Rico as executive chef at Blue Macaw, followed by his work as executive chef at Duffy\u2019s Esperanza. He later moved to New Hampshire in 2008 where he joined Blue Mermaid as chef de partie. In 2009, Ocando was hired by Alain Ducasse Restaurant Group Worldwide, which led him back to Puerto Rico as sous chef at Mix on the Beach at the W Retreat and Spa. Ocando then moved to New York to serve as sous chef for Ducasse concept, Pinch. Most recently, Nick joined the Hibiscus team in 2014, where he cultivated a farm to table concept and a charcuterie program voted Top 8 in Dallas.   In his new roll. He will lead the daily food and beverage kitchen operations including food preparation, kitchen sanitation, and daily inventory. He will also work towards executing the strategic plans for forecasting, budget management, cost control, and inventories.   In his free time, Nick enjoys spending time with his wife, Monica, and twin daughters Marley and Madison.  Guest Chef  Each semester the College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism invites a local chef to visit the Club. Students are given the opportunity to work alongside a culinary master preparing an exquisite luncheon Menu. Guest Chef Day is the most popular day of the semester and is always a sold-out event! Reservations are required for this special day, and the price is an incredible value at $11.00 or 1 ticket plus $3.00.   If you are a professional chef and are interested in volunteering your time, please e-mail us at GatewayClub@unt.edu.                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.