(S'http://htm.unt.edu/content/club-reservation'
p1
V          The Club Reservation | Hospitality & Tourism Management                                      Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu »  Home Undergraduate »  Undergraduate About Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS   Graduate »  Graduate About Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application   About Us »  About Us About Department Faculty and Staff   Student Resources »  Student Resources Advising »  Advising Undergraduate  Advising   Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour   Future Students »  Future Students International Students »  International Students Pre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program   Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book   The Club »  The Club About The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu   INVEST                 Hospitality & Tourism Management         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Hospitality & Tourism Management             Main menu   Home UndergraduateAbout Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS  GraduateAbout Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application  About UsAbout Department Faculty and Staff  Student ResourcesAdvisingUndergraduate  Advising  Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour  Future StudentsInternational StudentsPre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program  Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book  The ClubAbout The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu  INVEST                                            The Club opens to the public for lunch on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Please visit the menu link to view the current season. You can reach club at the Gateway by sending an email to GatewayClub@unt.edu or call 940.565.4144. First Name     Last Name     Phone     Email     Please select one of the below options  - None -Dine-InCarry-Out   1. For which date would you like to make a reservation?  - None -April 26  - (SOLD OUT - only Carry out available)April 27  - (SOLD OUT - only Carry out available)April 28  - (SOLD OUT - only Carry out available)   2. How many people will be in your party?     3.Please select the time when you would like to have your lunch.  - None -11:00 AM11:15 AM11:30 AM11:45 AM12:00 PM   4. If you do need special seating arrangements please specify     5. Are you interested in buying our season ticket book?    Yes     No      6. Do you wish to be a part of our mailing list?    Yes     No      7. Please supply additional information including special meal requests for children's meals. (optional)                                   Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.