(S'http://htm.unt.edu/content/invest'
p1
V          invest | Hospitality & Tourism Management                                    Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu »  Home Undergraduate »  Undergraduate About Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS   Graduate »  Graduate About Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application   About Us »  About Us About Department Faculty and Staff   Student Resources »  Student Resources Advising »  Advising Undergraduate  Advising   Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour   Future Students »  Future Students International Students »  International Students Pre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program   Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book   The Club »  The Club About The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu   INVEST                 Hospitality & Tourism Management         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Hospitality & Tourism Management             Main menu   Home UndergraduateAbout Undergraduate Program Hospitality Management BS  GraduateAbout Graduate Programs Hospitality Management MS International Sustainable Tourism  MS Hospitality Management and Event Management Graduate Certificates Interdisciplinary Information Science PhD Graduate Employment Application  About UsAbout Department Faculty and Staff  Student ResourcesAdvisingUndergraduate  Advising  Student Organizations Internship Requirements Student Career Opportunities Scholarship Upload ServSafe Manager Certificate Upload Pre-Major Work Experience Hours (100 Hours)  Chicago Study Tour  Future StudentsInternational StudentsPre-Hospitality & Tourism Management Program  Speaker Series Paying for college Fact Book  The ClubAbout The Club Guest Chef Day Make a Reservation Menu  INVEST                                                 Home Undergraduate Graduate The Club About Us Faculty & Staff Invest            Donation Wish List    Give Now           Doors are opened and student lives are changed by the generous gifts of alumni and university friends. Consider supporting the College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism by contributing to any of our College initiatives.      CMHT International Education Fund (IEF)  Support student and faculty activities, programs, and research that promote and build international linkages with universities, organizations, and businesses throughout the world. Examples of programs include our Hong Kong/China study abroad program, E-Passport course, and sponsorship of international guest lecturers and visiting scholars.  Annual Event Sponsorships  Sponsor one of the numerous School events such as the Creating Consumer Experience Symposium, the Undergraduate and Graduate Research Competition, Highway to Success, Executive-in-Residence Lecture Series, or a Career Expo.   Endowments for Distinguished Chairs  Endow a distinguished faculty chair position in either merchandising or hospitality management. Positions, such as the Dedman Chair in Club Management, enrich student learning by bringing industry expertise and connections to the classroom.   Professional Development Sponsorships  Support student and/or faculty participation in industry and professional conferences (e.g., the National Retail Federation Big Show in New York or the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago).  Graduate Student Fellowships  Encourage graduate research through the sponsorship of named fellowships for advanced academic study or thesis research.   Publication Sponsorships  Endorse our School through the sponsorship of promotional pieces such as student newsletters, alumni updates, industry brochures, or other student recruitment materials.  Industry Technology Fund  Donate upgrades or emerging technologies for instructional use. Fund research for technology implementation.   Named Scholarships  Consider supporting one of our many named scholarships including the Jerry Dickenson, Lea Dopson, Ellen L. Flottman, Suzanne LaBrecque, Johnny Sue Reynolds, Bobye J. Riney, Florence I. Scoular, Richard Tas, or J.T. Whitaker scholarship.   To inquire about donations, please contact the College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism at 940.565.2436 or email Dean Forney at jforney@unt.edu.     Ways To Give        Whether you are a graduate of theCollege of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism an industry partner, or a university friend, you can strengthen academic programs and invest in the future of our students through your generous donation. Listed below are the many ways you can give to our school and university.  Giving to UNT  Giving to the College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism  UNT Foundation  Giving Clubs  President's Council  Friends of the UNT Libraries                               Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.