(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/why-mdr'
p1
V          Why MDR | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Why MDR            Why MDR           Merchandising and Digital Retailing (MDR) offers unique program that prepares the students for the dynamic fashion and retail industry. With strong industry connection, engaged faculty and innovative curricula, we pride ourselves in being one of the leading programs in the United States. With the unique curricular that integrates retailing, digital retailing, and merchandising, 90% of the graduates of the MDR program secures a job position in the related field. How are the students prepared? Internships: Students need to complete a required internship that prepares them to further their career within the field upon graduation. Annual Events: Professional development events such as the annual Merchandising Career Expo, Consumer Experience Symposium and Executive+ Scholar series bring recruiters from major retail, fashion, home furnishings and e-commerce companies to broaden the Student organizations: MDR Students also have the opportunity to participate in Merchandising Inc., and the National Retailing Federation Student Association. Both organizations help students establish industry contacts and enhance their professional development and are open to any major in the department. Professional Development Program: MDR students can get involved in Merchant Development Program and Market Menternship Program. These programs enable students to have deeper understanding of the industry and make important industry connection during their academic program.  Scholarships: To recognize students\u2019 scholastic achievements, scholarships are available to MDR majors. They are awarded on the basis of academic excellence, articulation of professional goals, and, for some scholarships, financial need. Study Tours: Students gain global experience through study tours organized to broaden their perspectives on global supply chain and global retailing industry. MDR offers study tours to Hong Kong/China, Europe, New York, Dallas and Silicon Valley Where did MDR graduates go? Nordstrom, Dillard's Express, JCPenney, Neiman Marcus, Fossil, Target, Zales, Saks Fith Avenue, Pier 1, The Container Store, Michael Kors, BCBG, William-Sonoma, Forever 21, and many, many more! What jobs are available for MDR graduates? Buyer, Product developer, Store analyst, Visual merchandiser, Web Analyst, Store manager, Sourcing manager, Merchandise planner, to name a few             Apply Now      Schedule a visit      Talk to an Undergraduate advisor                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.