(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/retailing'
p1
V          Retailing | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                               Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Retailing            Retailing           Retailing is a critical, vibrant global industry experiencing unprecedented change. This paradigm shift requires a workforce with advanced degrees, skills and knowledge to meet the challenges of a globally competitive, complex, and consumer-driven industry. Over 28 million -or one of every four U.S. jobs \u2014 is in retail. Retailing encompasses analyzing retail business strategies, managing retail store operations, and buying for retail merchandise in an Omni-channel retail environment.  A B.S. in Retailing degree can help prepare you for many positions including: Retail Merchandise Manager Retail buyer Retail operations Retail Analyst Retail management Retailing majors take courses in operations, retail finance, retail strategies, consumer behavior, retail buying, global sourcing, brand development, and promotion.          RETL 2550 Retail Operations   RETL 2550 Retail Operations      RETL 3880 Profit-Centered Retailing    RETL 3880 Profit-Centered Retailing       RETL 3950 Visual Merchandising and Promotions    RETL 3950 Visual Merchandising and Promotions       RETL 4850 Brand Development    RETL 4850 Brand Development       RETL 4880 Omni-channel Retail Strategies    RETL 4880 Omni-channel Retail Strategies                 Apply Now      Schedule a visit      Talk to an Undergraduate advisor                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.