(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/undergraduate-advising'
p1
V          Undergraduate Advising | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                                  Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Undergraduate Advising            Undergraduate Advising                                 Meet your adviser              Kelly Ayers, M.Ed., LPC   CMHT Director of Advising (Advises HFMD and DRTL)        Philip Aguinaga, M.Ed., LPC Intern   Academic Counselor (Advises HMGT M-Z)        Jaymi Wenzel   Academic Advisor ( Advises HMGT A-L )        Amanda Johnson   Academic Advisor (Advises MDSE and RETL A-L)        Syleria Skinner   Administrative Specialist III        Brittany Barrett, MSIS   Academic Counselor (Advises MDSE and RETL M-Z )                     940.565.4635 Schedule an appointment with advisor                          Frequently Asked Questions          Where is the advising office?   We are located in Chilton Hall, in room 385.      Can I make an appointment with my advisor?   Yes, you must schedule an appointment whenever you want to meet with your advisor. You can either call the CMHT advising office at 940-565-4635, or stop by Chilton 385. You may schedule up to two weeks in advance. Your advisor's availability will vary and becomes particularly erratic around registration.       What are the GPA requirements for CMHT?   GPA requirements for all degrees in CMHT:    A minimum of 2.5 grade point average in all courses completed at UNT; and     A minimum of 2.5 grade point average in all coursework attempted, including transfer; and     A minimum of 2.5 grade point average in the professional field (major), with minimum grades of C required in all CMHT, DRTL, HFMD, HMGT, MDSE, and RETL courses.   Additional information can be found in the undergraduate catalog.      I'm interested in graduate school. Who should I call?   Dr. Lisa Kennon is our Graduate Coordinator. You can set up a meeting with Dr. Kennon by calling or emailing her directly: 940.565.4257 | kennon@unt.edu Currently all of our other academic advisors work with undergraduate students.      I just have a quick question for an advisor; do I need to make an appointment?   If you have a general question about academics, scheduling, equivalencies, or need to be connected with campus resources, you can email your advisor. For more specific questions, your advisor may ask that you schedule an appointment to have your concern adequately addressed.      What are my degree requirements?   BS in Digital Retailing (DRTL) BS in Home Furnishings Merchandising (HFMD) BS in Merchandising (MDSE) BS in Retailing (RETL)   These degree requirement sheets reflect the most current catalog year. Please see your advisor to obtain a degree requirement sheet for your specific catalog year.                    Quick Links      Schedule of Classes Registration Calendars Excessive Hours Information Repeated Courses Information Six-Rule Drop Policy Information Graduation Information Financial Aid- Student Academic Progress (SAP)                                          Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.