(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/market-menternship-program'
p1
V          Market Menternship Program | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Market Menternship Program            Market Menternship Program           The Market Menternship, has been developed as a bridge experience between the Career Connection, completed in the introductory courses and the Merchandising Internship, one of your last courses. You will participate in this buying and wholesale market system enabling you to build your experiences and resume beyond the Career Connection. All MDR majors are strongly encouraged to complete a market-related internship at the Dallas Market Center/World Trade Center or other wholesale market center. The experience is ultimately to assist you in distinguishing yourself within the major and among competition with others vying for the same industry positions. You will enhance your professional development and earn resume-worthy experience as well as increase your work and networking opportunities in your industry. Contact: Dr. Lynn Brandon, Chilton Hall 342E, Lynn.Brandon@unt.edu Approximate cost: You will be responsible for transportation, food, etc. during the market.Semester: Completed during major markets.Apply: Attendance at Menternship informational meeting held in Fall and Spring semesters or interview with Dr. Brandon and application. Classes: Professional development opportunity, you do not have to enroll in a class to complete it.Outcome: Complete the experience and the assignment per guidelines.            Apply Now    Schedule a visit    Talk to an Undergraduate advisor                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.