(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/merchant-development-program'
p1
V          Merchant Development Program | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Merchant Development Program            Merchant Development Program           The Merchant Development Program provides students with enriched opportunities both inside and outside the classroom that are designed to enhance their academic foundation, develop a personal awareness of ethical and financial responsibilities, and refine demonstrated talent. Ideal candidates for the program are students who have a passion for the retail industry and a strong academic ambition. Students will have opportunities to participate in several industry experiences designed to bring them in contact with real business practices and strong networking occasions that ultimately result in strengthened resumes.  Application Requirements: A minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 Completed each of the pre-major courses for their major with a grade of A or B Worked a minimum of 300 documented clock hours in retail Application Pracket should include: Application form  Current Darwin report Copy of the Advising Plan where you and your academic advisor have mapped out a semester plan for you to progress through the program. Essay (300-500 words) explaining your career goals and why you should be selected for the program Documentation that you have worked a minimum of 300 hours in retail.  Application Packet should be sent to:  Laura Storm, Merchant Development Program Coordinator, Chilton Hall 355,  Laura.Storm@unt.edu,  There is no deadline. Applications are accepted year-round Program Requirements: Complete the following coursework with a grade of B or higher:MDSE 4510 \u2013 Advanced Buying, Planning, and Allocatio 1.  Select one of the following courses to complete: MDSE 4000 \u2013 Global Discovery (New York, Hong Kong, Europe, Silicon Valley, or Dallas) MDSE 4850 \u2013 Brand Development DRTL 3190 \u2013 Digital Retailing Strategies    Be an active member of NRFSA. Acquire a mentor and document frequency and outcomes of interaction. The mentor and mentee should meet at least every 4-6 weeks. Expectations of the mentor (industry professional): Help the student develop a career vision. Suggest resources that will help the student develop professionally. Provide professional networking opportunities. Expectations of the mentee (student): Research the mentor\u2019s background and prepare conversation points. Provide the mentor with a written list of questions prior to each meeting or phone call. Prepare a set of goals and objectives for the mentoring relationship. 4. Document 24 hours of community service during your time in the program. 5. Attend MDR professional development events such as Executive + Scholar lectures or the Consumer Experience Symposium (attend at least 1 per semester). 6. Participate in at least one professional development presentation that will focus on the soft skills needed to succeed as a merchant. MDP students will work together as a team to research the topics and present to fellow students. Possible presentation topics: servant leadership, business etiquette, leadership, appropriate business dress, negotiation, communication and collaboration in challenging situations, resilience and persistence, goal setting, networking, work/life balance, earning the trust of others, etc.            Apply Now    Schedule a visit    Talk to an Undergraduate advisor                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.