(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/grad-track-pathways'
p1
V          Grad Track Pathways | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Grad Track Pathways            Grad Track Pathways           The Grad Track Pathway toward a M.S. in Merchandising offers students an opportunity to earn both the BS and MS degree in a shorter time period at less cost than earning both degrees separately. The Grad Pathway is intended for selected students as preparation to pursue career goals or for preparation to pursue doctoral degree. Benefits of this program: Earn a Master\u2019s Degree in less time. Save on 12 credit hours of tuition and university fees. Gain a competitive edge in the workforce when you complete the program. How does it work?  Students conditionally admitted start taking the Pathwyas courses after copmleting at least 90 hours of coursework towards their bachelor's degree program. Students must copmlete the bachelor's degree within one academic year of their first pathways course in order to have the graduate course credits transferred to their graduate plan of study Students who satisfay all the requirements for their undergraduate degree and who copmlete successfully the graduate courses required by the Grad Track Pathway curriculum receive unconditional admission to the gradaute degree program Eligibility:  Students completed 75 hours or more credit hours of their bachelor's degree program with an overall GPA of 3.25 before appying How to Apply?  Grad Track Pathway applicants must receive approval from their undergraduate advisor and the Pathways Graudate program               Apply Now      Schedule a visit      Talk to an Undergraduate advisor                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.