(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/graduate-degree-program'
p1
V          Graduate Degree Program | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Graduate Degree Program            Graduate Degree Program           Merchandising Graduate Thesis Option Students may elect to conduct original research during the course of their graduate study. With the thesis option, the student will develop an idea that is suitable for a comprehensive research project. A major professor will be selected to mentor and guide the thesis project.  A minimum of 36 semester hours with a minimum of 30 semester hours (including 6 hours of thesis) in CMHT is required.  Courses Merchandising Graduate Non-Thesis Option Studentsmay elect to earn research experience through PILOT option by taking a 3 hour PILOT course for a single semester. With PILOT, students have 4 options- research paper, conceptual paper, consultancy report, and case study A minimum of 36 semester hours with a minimum of 30 semester hours (including 3 hours of thesis) in CMHT is required.  Courses MS Merchandising 100% Online Students can earn MS in Merchandising through 100% online courses. Courses Merchandising Graduate Certificate The College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism offers three 12-hour graduate certificates which will provide access to the knowledge, experiences, research skills, and critical analysis offered at the graduate level. In addition, the certificates will provide the recipients with credible documentation of the body of knowledge that they have gained at the University of North Texas. Who is suited for a graduate certificate? Students who may not be able to or interested in completing a 36-hour degree program. Working professionals with time and place constraints who need some re-tooling and updating in their fields. Company-supported employees who seek advanced education to meet professional development requirements for periodic reviews and/or promotion. Geographically-isolated individuals who do not have access to advanced education in merchandising and hospitality management. Will a graduate certificate count toward a graduate degree? Certificate students who choose to continue in a degree program are required to meet all the requirements, including GPA, GRE or GMAT, and prerequisites, of students seeking a degree in the college. Satisfactory work (minimum of a B grade) on graduate courses for the certificate may be applied to a 36-hour Master of Science degree program upon advisement of the graduate adviser, department chair, and the student\u2019s major professor, who will be selected when proceeding for a degree. For more detailed information Click Here Courses Gainful Employment Certificate Disclosure            Apply Now      Schedule a visit     Talk to Graduate Coordinator                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.