(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/ms-merchandising-checklist'
p1
V          MS in Merchandising Checklist | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           MS in Merchandising Checklist            MS in Merchandising Checklist           Submit Application Form through Apply Texas Applications for graduate study are accepted for the Spring, Summer or Fall terms. Deadlines are listed on the Toulouse Graduate School website. The application form is through the APPLYTEXAS electronic portal. This process includes the required application fee. International Applicants must follow the UNT International Admissions office deadline. Additionally, international applicants should follow the UNT English Language Proficiency Requirements when submitting the application packet. Information on required TOFEL scores or other language requirements also given. Submit official documentation to the UNT Toulouse Graduate School or International Admissions Official transcripts for all colleges and universities attended must be sent to the UNT Toulouse Graduate School (national students) and the UNT International Admissions (international students). International students should refer to specific guidelines for all required official documentation. Official GMAT or GRE scores must be sent to the UNT Toulouse Graduate School. The UNT code for the GRE is 6481. The UNT for the GMAT is 6DP-8M-55. Allow at least 4 weeks for scores to arrive at the Toulouse Graduate School. Applicants who wait to take the GMAT or GRE until the application deadline may not be considered. Scores should arrive by the time application review begins. Submit application documentation to the CMHT Graduate Coordinator 1. Recommendation form Download the Recommendation Form (Word.doc) and complete the applicant information in the top portion. Then forward the file to your recommender who will complete information in the rest of the form. They will save it and return it by email to the Graduate Coordinator. If the form cannot be sent to your recommender by email, then you may print the form, complete the applicant portion and send it to your recommender. The recommender will send the completed form to the Graduate Coordinator. 2. Statement of Purpose : This is the applicant's opportunity to address why they are seeking to obtain the graduate degree. In this statement, the applicant is asked to provide the following: Name: UNT ID if known: Degree sought: Year start date: Then specifically address the following: Identify and describe your undergraduate degree. Provide an overview of primary content and any specializations, minors or certificates you also earned. Describe your prior and/or current work experience; specifically work experience related to retail merchandising or other similar positions - including paid or unpaid internships. Describe any unpaid, volunteer or service work that is related to the degree you are seeking. Identify scholarships, awards or recognitions earned, especially ones related to your educational or professional career. Identify your professional goals. How will the graduate degree help you achieve these goals? Is your primary objective to work in a professional business or entrepreneur position or is to pursue a position in higher education (community college or four year institution)? Provide any additional information you would like to share for the application review. Your statement of purpose should not exceed four pages, with 1" margins and a 12-point font. 3. Resume :  Please submit your professional resume, highlighting your education and work experience. Mailing Address: Ms. Shirley Agustin University of North Texas College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism 1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 Electronically:Shirley.Agustin@unt.edu Phone: (940) 369-8275 Metro: (817) 267-3731 Fax: (940) 565-4348 TDD: (800) 735-2989 Ship To:Ms. Shirley Agustin, MDR Grad. Coord. University of North Texas, 410 Avenue C, Chilton Hall Room 331, Denton, Texas, USA 76201.            Apply Now      Schedule a visit     Talk to Graduate Coordinator                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.