(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/annual-event'
p1
V          Annual Event | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Annual Event            Annual Event           Sample Sale The Annual Sample Sale is held yearly and is a unique opportunity involving our Board of Governors, students, faculty and staff. It takes everyone working to make this a successful and exciting event. Proceeds from the sale help fund student participation in national and international professional development opportunities such as the Shop.org Summit, the National Retail Federation Big Show, and others. Many merchandising classes are involved in this event each year.Click here to read more about our Sample Sale Events! Career Expo The Annual Merchandising Expo is held each Spring semester on campus. This career fair showcases companies relevant to the MDR majors. Students visit with recruiters and learn about companies, expectations for interns and new hires, and long term career possibilities. Attendance at this event is required of all MDR majors.Click here to read more about our Career Expo Events! Fashion Group International Career Day Students from several states attend this regional event comprised of presentations and seminars related to the fashion and design industries. Students also have the opportunity to enter several industry-related contests. The event is held each year at the World Trade Center in Dallas. Watch for announcements or check with your professors for details and registration for this event. Consumer Experience Symposium   Every spring, a panel of industry experts come together to present, discuss, and debate a specific topic related to consumer experiences in digital environments.  Learn more  Executive Scholar Lecture Series At the Executive Scholar + Lecture Series, an industry leader and research scholar(s) are brought together to discuss a topic which they share a common passion or interest for. Learn more               Apply Now      Schedule a visit      Talk to an Undergraduate advisor                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.