(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/industry-connections'
p1
V          Industry Connections | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Industry Connections            Industry Connections           NRF Big Show - National Retailing Federation This event is primarily attended by retail industry professionals and is held annually in New York City. The three-day event offers networking, educational opportunities and demonstrations of new technologies to approximately 34,000 attendees. Students may apply for travel grants to attend the NRF Big Show in January each year. These grants are competitive and cover registration and hotel, but not transportation. Grant recipients must be members of NRFSA. Contact: Linda Mihalick linda.mihalick@unt.eduApply: Applications accepted in Fall semester.Required: You must be a member of the NRFSA National Retail Federation Student Association. Look for meeting announcements and applications to join beginning in the Fall semester. See MDR students at the NRG Big Show! Shop.org  This annual eCommerce conference provides insights into the future of digital retail and demonstrates how they are applied in today\u2019s marketplace. It is hosted by the National Retail Federation in the endeavor to contribute to the global conversation surrounding innovation in eCommerce. The event is held in a different location around the US each September and features keynote speakers, industry presentations and seminars. Students participate with industry professionals in breakout meetings as well as round table discussions. Students may apply for competitive travel grants to attend the Summit. These grants cover registration and hotel, but not transportation. Grant recipients must be members of NRFSA. Contact: Linda Mihalick linda.mihalick@unt.eduApply: Applications accepted in the Fall semesterRequired: You must be a member of the NRFSA National Retail Federation Student Association. Look for meeting announcements and applications to join beginning in the Fall semester. Join a Professional Organization before you graduate. Why not give yourself the opportunity to be a part of the industry through joining a professional organization? You are encouraged to become a member of one or more professional organizations related to your industry. Many organizations have student rates that are much less expensive than the professional rate. Check out the websites or contacts for networking opportunities in this area throughout the year. IFDA - International Furnishings and Design Association - explore the student membership category WITHIT \u2013 Women in the Home Industries Today \u2013 explore the student membership categoryNational Retail Federation Student AssociationFashion Group International International Textiles and Apparel Association           Apply Now      Schedule a visit      Talk to an Undergraduate advisor                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.