(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/student-organizations'
p1
V          Student Organizations | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Student Organizations            Student Organizations           Merchandising Inc. Merchandising Inc. is a university organization open to any student interested in fashion, home furnishings, or digital retailing. The organization establishes a network of industry professionals for students and enhances their professional development. From fashion shows to football games, this organization engages students across the comprehensive university experience.  Each year, Merchandising Inc. offers the Jaime Regen New York Study Tour Award. Jaime Regen was a merchandising student who graduated in 2000. After a lengthy and courageous battle with melanoma, Jaime passed away in March 2007. Jaime loved New York, loved the study tour, and loved fashion merchandising. The award provides a student (or students) with the opportunity to experience New York City, the U.S. fashion capital and honor Jaime. Contact: Laura Storm. Laura.Storm@unt.eduWebsite: www.merchandisingincorporated.com    NRF Student Association (NRFSA) The NRF Student Association (NRFSA) provides talented students interested in digital, retailing and related careers unique educational and scholarship programs, networking opportunities and access to the latest industry news and research. NRFSA Student Association Member Benefits: Scholarships: Members are eligible for NRF Foundation scholarships, including the Next Generation Scholarship, the Ray Greenly Scholarship, Rising Star Scholarship and the Student Challenge case study competition. Networking Opportunities: Members are eligible to sign up to the NRF Student Association LinkedIn group and can attend events with NRF retail members and recruiters. Recognition: Members can note on resumes affiliation with the world\u2019s largest retail trade association to give a leg up with retail recruiters. Education: Opportunities to attend education programs at NRF\u2019s BIG Show, including the NRFSA Annual Meeting and a networking session with talent recruiters from major retail companies Discounts: A special discounted price for NRF\u2019s BIG Show registration Industry News: Members get access to news, research and resources designed for people working in the industry. Contact:  Linda Mihalick. linda.mihalick@unt.edu Website: https://nrf.com/membership/students    CMHT Ambassadors The CMHT Ambassador organization provides students opportunities for professional development, recognition, and peer support through activities supporting the university and broader community. Students are actively involved in recruitment and outreach activities including campus tours, presentations to area high schools, and coordination of professional leadership events. The mission of the organization is to promote school spirit and teamwork while preparing students for leadership positions in the merchandising and hospitality management industries. Contact: Dee Wilson. Dee.Wilson@unt.edu Constitution By-Laws CMHT Ambassador Application            Apply Now      Schedule a visit      Talk to an Undergraduate advisor                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.