(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/studyabroadindustryexperiences'
p1
V          Study Abroad & Industry Experiences | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Study Abroad & Industry Experiences            Study Abroad & Industry Experiences           HongKong/China MDR was the first program in the U.S. to offer merchandising students a study tour to Hong Kong and China. Join a select group of students on this study abroad where you will learn firsthand about the supply chain from raw materials, production, logistics, to distribution at your favorite retail stores. During this intense 3-week living and learning experience, students earn academic credit by touring factories and interacting with industry executives in the global marketplace. Students enrich their education by participating in cultural events and experiencing the sights, sounds, and tastes of a new environment. Since 2003, over 200 students have participated in this study tour. The application process begins in late Fall semester and the study tour usually takes place in late May/early June. Contact: Ms. Marissa Zorola Marissa.Zorola@unt.eduPhone: 940.369.7832Approximate cost: $5,200 (plus tuition, out-of-pocket, and other fees)Semester: 8W Summer Apply: Application and Interview with Ms. Zorola. Applications accepted in Fall semester.Classes: MDSE 4003, MDSE 4010, CMHT 5000 London & Paris Pack your bags and experience fashion and home furnishings in two of the world\u2019s most noted cities \u2013 London and Paris, with a 3 day stay in Scotland to explore the wool and tartan plaid industries. This study tour is an overview of the European fashion and apparel industry with emphasis on costume history and fashion trend analysis. The course covers a concentrated overview of developments in 20th century fashion and the relationships between the movements in art, design, and popular culture. You will also experience fashion and furnishing collections at the Victoria and Albert and the Louvre and be immersed in these great cities. This study tour will typically take place the last two weeks of May. Registration and application for the class/study tour will start mid-Fall semester. Contact: Dr. Jessica Strubel Jessica.Strubel@unt.eduApproximate cost: $6,000 (plus out-of-pocket and other fees)Semester: 8W SummerApply: Application and Interviews. Applications accepted in Fall semester.Classes: CMHT 4000/5000, MDSE 4660/5660, MDSE 4910/5910 Digital Study Tour Digital Retailing plans to launch a new, for credit Digital Study Tour in May, 2017. Join a select group of students in this course which is designed to expose students to the Digital Retailing industry and engage them in an intense study of key impact online businesses. The route begins in Seattle, then travels South along the coastline to Portland, Oregon, and finally to the Silicon Valley in San Francisco, which are all prime locations for pursuing a career in eCommerce and digital occupations. Those travelling along will go behind the scenes, meeting with industry executives and experiencing firsthand how websites are built and maintained as well as how the supporting technologies are integrated and utilized. During this intense 6 day living and learning experience, students tour corporate headquarters facilities of marquis retailers and social media giants while also experiencing the sights, sounds and tastes of the U.S. West coast. The application process begins in late Fall semester. Contact: Ms. Linda Mihalick linda.mihalick@unt.eduPhone: 940-565-2433Approximate cost: $2,100 (plus tuition, food, out-of-pocket and other fees)Semester: 3W MaymesterApply: Applications accepted in the Fall semester. Juniors and Seniors have first priority. Inquire to Ms. Mihalick for applications. New York Study Tour Take a bite out of the Big Apple by participating in this opportunity to learn about your industry. New York is a prime venue for those pursuing a career in merchandising. Students will experience the fashion, home furnishings and digital retailing industries through visits to manufacturing facilities, retail establishments, retail corporate offices, and industry support organizations. The study tour consists of three on-campus classes prior to travel, the trip to New York, industry appointments for the week in the city, then two follow up classes after returning from New York. Contact: Mrs. Dee Wilson for details. dee.wilson@unt.eduApproximate Trip cost: $1,700 (plus tuition and course fees, food and shopping while in New York)Semester: 3W MaymesterApply: Applications accepted in Fall semester. Juniors and Seniors have first priority. Ask Mrs. Wilson for applications. Classes: MDSE 4001/ CMHT 5000  Dallas Study Tour Curious about the retail, merchandising, and manufacturing resources in UNT\u2019s backyard? You should be and this local study tour is the course for you. Students in this class experience digital retail, fashion, and home furnishings industries through visits and tours of companies in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex. Join this course and get access into some of the most exciting companies in your field. Past itineraries have included appointments at Neiman Marcus, Amazon, Pier One, The Container Store, Shepler\u2019s, Mary Kay, PFS Web, I-Prospect, JCPenney and other area companies. Contact: Mrs. Laura Storm for details Laura.Storm@unt.eduApproximate cost: $200 (plus tuition and fees)Semester: Fall and Spring semestersApply: Submit all application materials to Mrs. Storm in Chilton 355F or in the CMHT main office (Chilton 331).Classes: MDSE 4002            Apply Now      Schedule a visit      Talk to an Undergraduate advisor                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.