(S'http://mdr.unt.edu/content/internship'
p1
V          Internship | Merchandising & Digital Retailing                          Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Undergraduate »  Undergraduate Why MDR? Degree Program »  Degree Program Digital Retailing »  Digital Retailing DRTL Degree Planning Sheet   Home Furnishings Merchandising »  Home Furnishings Merchandising HFMD Degree Planning Sheet   Merchandising »  Merchandising MDSE Degree Planning Sheet   Retailing »  Retailing RETL Degree Planning Sheet     Advising Professional Development Program »  Professional Development Program Market Menternship Program Merchant Development Program   Grad Pathways   Graduate »  Graduate Why MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application   Research Get Involved »  Get Involved Annual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni   Scholarship Career Opportunities »  Career Opportunities Begin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network   Faculty & Staff »  Faculty & Staff Faculty Advising   For Employers »  For Employers Career Expo Post a Job Opening                   Merchandising & Digital Retailing         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism Merchandising & Digital Retailing             Main menu  UndergraduateWhy MDR? Degree ProgramDigital RetailingDRTL Degree Planning Sheet  Home Furnishings MerchandisingHFMD Degree Planning Sheet  MerchandisingMDSE Degree Planning Sheet  RetailingRETL Degree Planning Sheet   Advising Professional Development ProgramMarket Menternship Program Merchant Development Program  Grad Pathways  GraduateWhy MS in Merchandising? Degree Program Application Graduate Handbook Degree Plan Graduate Employment Application  Research Get InvolvedAnnual Event Industry Connections Student Organizations Study Abroad & Industry Experiences Meet our Alumni  Scholarship Career OpportunitiesBegin your career Internships MDR Job Postings Eagle Network  Faculty & StaffFaculty Advising  For EmployersCareer Expo Post a Job Opening                           Internship            Internship           Senior Internship Requirements Merchandising and Digital Retailing department requires students to complete an internship in their field of study as a capstone course before they graduate. An internship provides students with supervised, hands-on industry experience and career awareness. This setting provides fascinating and valuable opportunities for experiential learning and serves as a bridge between education and business. Through the internship, the student experiences the transfer of knowledge gained in the classroom to tasks such as problem solving, critical thinking, and working as a team member. The annual Career Expos attract companies to campus to recruit students for internships and full-time career opportunities. You may also follow the link to Eagle Network and Merchandising and Digital Retailing Job Posting for more job opportunities.  MDSE 3790: Pre-internship Seminar Prerequisite(s): DRTL 2090 or HFMD 2400 or MDSE 2490 (any may be taken concurrently); major in merchandising. CMHT 4790: Internship Class Requirement Supervised work experience in business, agencies or institutions as related to major field, requiring a minimum of 300 hours of work experience. Course requirements include assignments, experiential activities and scheduled lecture times on campus.  A student may not enroll in more than three additional classes during either long term/semester  (fall/spring). During the combined summer sessions, students may not be enrolled in more than one additional class during any term in which they are enrolled in CMHT 4790.  A student should be; Major in Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism with advanced standing in major, MDSE 3510, MDSE 3790, plus 24 additional hours in major with a grade of C or better, minimum overall GPA of 2.50, and consent of instructor. Students must attend the mandatory pre-internship meeting held the semester prior to their anticipated internship. The purpose of this meeting is to learn of job opportunities, required meeting dates, and specific internship guidelines. To secure the advising code, students must submit a completed application, resume, and transcript to Ms. Dee Wilson        Employment: The student is encouraged to secure employment with a company that provides new and different experiences. If a student requests to complete an internship with their present employer, there must be strong justification and support. If the student works in an hourly employee capacity, they should be able to transfer to at least 2 or 3 different positions and shadow a manager in each position. CMHT policy stipulates that no student can complete an internship with a company in which persons related to them serve as their direct supervisor, nor shall any student obtain employment with a family- owned or operated business. Students must maintain employment throughout an entire semester with the same employer (15 weeks during the long term/ 10 weeks during summer). Each semester credit hour requires a minimum 50 hours on the job. This equates to 300 hours (20 hours per week during the fall or spring semester/ 30 hours per week during the summer). Students may complete an "off-campus" internship with an approved company. An "off-campus" site refers to those that are further than 50 miles from the UNT campus. Students who are approved for an "off-campus" internship must complete additional assignments in lieu of class attendance.  For further information, contact: Dee Wilson, CMHT Lecturer & Career Development Coordinator, dee.wilson@unt.edu             Apply Now      Schedule a visit      Talk to an Undergraduate advisor                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall       Room Number: 331 410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  College of Merchandising, Hospitality & Tourism       1155 Union Circle, #311100 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA      Contact Us  940-565-2436 cmht@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 02, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 02, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.