(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/faqs'
p1
V          FAQs | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                FAQs       Q.   What textbooks and workbooks should I use to study for the Graduate Placement Exams? A.   For music theory review we recommend:        Tonal Harmony with workbook by Stefan Kostka and Dorothy Payne        Music in Theory and Practice, volumes 1 & 2 with workbooks by Bruce Benward        Melody Harmonization at the Keyboard by Gene Cho      For music history review we recommend:        A History of Western Music (eighth edition) with the Norton Anthologies of Western Music         by Burkholder, Grout and Palisca        The Development of Western Music: A History with Audio CDs by K. Marie Stolba Q. Are there any exemptions for portions of the Graduate Placement Examination? A. Yes: 1. Incoming masters students who received a B- or better in one or both semesters of a two-semester music history survey from a NASM-accredited institution within the past three years are exempt from the corresponding portion of the GPE (i.e. pre-1750 or post-1750 portion). Those who received a B- or better from a non-NASM-accredited school and/or in a survey that does not adhere to a two-semester sequence may petition the music history faculty for exemption by submitting the syllabus and the instructor's credentials. 2. Incoming doctoral students who received a B- or better in one or both semesters of a two-semester music history survey from a NASM-accredited institution within the past seven years are exempt from the corresponding portion of the multiple-choice portion of the GPE (i.e. pre-1750 or post-1750 portion). Those who received a B- or better from a non-NASM-accredited school and/or in a survey that does not adhere to a two-semester sequence may petition the music history faculty for exemption by submitting the syllabus and the instructor's credentials. All incoming doctoral students are required to take the essay portion of the GPE. Approved by the Music History Area Faculty on 27 March 2013. Approved by the College of Music Graduate Council on April 1, 2013. Q. I have an undergraduate level deficiency course, but my.unt.edu won't allow me to enroll into an undergraduate class as a graduate student. What should I do? A. When you register for courses under my.unt.edu, go to your Student Center/Register. During this process you should be asked which semester you are registering in. You should have the option for both graduate and undergraduate. If you are registering for a 5xxx level class or above, select graduate. If you are registering for a 49xx level class or below, select undergraduate. Q. How many lesson credits should I register for and how do I get the class number ("code") to register for lessons? A. Master's and Doctoral students have a choice between 3 and 4 credit hours for lessons each semester. 5-digit lesson class numbers ("codes") can be found with the following people and at the following locations: Divisions of Vocal Studies, Keyboard Studies, Conducting & Ensembles Administrative Assistant: Diana.Cooley@unt.edu Music Building, Room 244 Division of Composition Studies Administrative Assistant: Christopher.Walker@unt.edu Music Building, Room 231 Division of Instrumental Studies Administrative Assistant: Christine.Hill@unt.edu Music Building, Room 231 (codes displayed on bulletin boards outside) Division of Jazz Studies Administrative Assistant: Katy.Kinard@unt.edu Music Building, Room 284 Division of Wind Studies Administrative Assistant: Heather.Coffin@unt.edu MPAC Annex, Room 110 Early Music Instruments Administrative Assistant: Christine.Hill@unt.edu Music Building, Room 2010 Q. When will I be assigned a major professor? A. If you are a graduate performance major (including jazz studies) and do not know your major professor before you register, you will be assigned a major professor when you begin applied lessons. You can also contact the area coordinator via email before you arrive to campus and ask which applied instructor you have been assigned. If you are a composition, music theory, music history, ethnomusicology or music education major, you will choose your major professor when you are further into your degree coursework. For initial registration questions, the area coordinator and the graduate academic counselor will help you with course enrollment and degree planning. Q. What if new International Student orientation conflicts with the College of Music orientation? A. UNT International is aware of this conflict during College of Music new student orientation in August and January each year. They are willing to work with new College of Music graduate students and will meet with you individually, if necessary. You will have time to go to the UNT International offices the week before classes begin to attend orientation, but try and make advance arrangements by contacting an international advisor at welcomecenter@unt.edu or calling 940.369.8625. Not attending International Student Orientation may compromise your ability to register for classes. Q. May I, as an international student, use an electronic dictionary in the writing exams administered by the College of Music? A. No. No dictionaries, print or electronic, may be used by any student in a writing exam. Q. What numbers and codes do I need to register? Where can I find them? A. You will need to know the prefix, 4-digit course number, and 4 or 5-digit class number (sometimes referred to as "codes") to register. In the semester Schedule of Classes which can be found on the main unt.edu website; music courses start with MUxx, followed by a 4-digit number (graduate level courses begin with 5xxx or 6xxx). The 4 or 5-digit class number is in parenthesis directly under the course prefix. You can also search for the course and class number by following the instructions on your my.unt.edu website. Q. Where online is the Toulouse Graduate School Course and Degree Catalog? A. It is very important that you familiarize yourself with the Toulouse Course and Degree Catalog found on the Toulouse website. Degree requirements are determined by the Toulouse Catalog in force at the time your Degree Plan is filed and approved by the College of Music Director of Graduate Studies and the Toulouse Dean. Q. What is the Eagle Student Services Center? A. The Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC) houses essential UNT departments including the Toulouse Graduate School, Financial Aid and Scholarships, the Registrar, and Student Accounting. The ESSC is located directly across the mall from Willis Library and is connected to the University Union. You can find the UNT campus map at UNT Campus Map. Q. How do I remove the hold for the Student Financial Obligation? A. Every semester, every new or continuing student has the Student Financial Obligation hold put on their record. Here are the instructions for removing this hold How to Remove SFO Hold. Q. How do I remove the Meningitis hold from my account? Effective January 1, 2012, all new students, including transfer students, must show evidence of receipt of an initial bacterial meningitis vaccination dose or booster in the last five years and at least ten days prior to the first day of the semester in which the student initially enrolls. This new law also applies to any student returning to school after a break in enrollment for a fall or spring semester. For more information about this new requirement go to the Student Health Center website. Q. What do my mandatory student fees pay for? A. Mandatory student fees are assessed in proportion to the number of semester credit hours for which a student registers to cover the cost of student services that directly involve or benefit UNT students. These benefits include free admission to College of Music events and the Fine Arts Series, membership in the Student Rec Center, and free access to the Media Library in Chilton Hall. For an itemized breakdown of how your student fees are applied to sports activities, artist and lecture series, cultural entertainment series, debating and oratorical activities and student government go to the Explanation of Graduate Mandatory Student Fees.                           Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.