(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/graduate-placement-exams-gpe'
p1
V          Graduate Placement Exams (GPE) | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                      Graduate Placement Exams (GPE) During the spring prior to matriculation, the Graduate Studies offices sends each incoming student an email specifying the Graduate Placement Exams that he or she is required to take. Those who have not received such an email should contact the Graduate Studies Office via email for this information. The Graduate Placement Exams (GPE) must be taken during orientation of the first semester in which the student is enrolled as a graduate student. Review courses assigned due to the results of the GPE do not count towards the degree and must be taken in the first semester in which they are available. The results of the GPE will be posted on the College of Music GPE Grade Center, which is listed as an "Organization" on Blackboard Learn, by noon on the Thursday before classes begin. All incoming graduate students must take the GPE in Music History and Music Theory with the following exceptions.  UNT College of Music continuing students (undergraduate to master's or master's to doctoral) are not required to take the Aural Skills portion of the GPE in Music Theory. (They must still take the Analysis/Part-Writing portion.) No action is required of continuing students to qualify for the exemption. Those who qualify for it have been so notified via the email from the Graduate Studies Office mentioned at the top of this webpage. All incoming students may qualify for an exemption from the GPE in Music History if they meet the criteria outlined here. Those who qualify for this exemption have been so notified via the email from the Graduate Studies Office mentioned at the top of this webpage.  Beginning in the fall 2015, there will be no retakes allowed for the GPE in music history or theory.  Graduate Placement Exam in Music History The recommended method of preparing for the test is to study A History of Western Music (9 ed.) and the Norton Anthology of Western Music (6 ed.). The GPE in music history consists of two sections, pre-1750 and post-1750, each of which comprises:  Thirty multiple choice questions that measure understanding of the genres and styles characteristic of particular periods and major composers; Six multiple choice questions based on three listening excerpts drawn from the Norton Anthology; One essay question.  Sample multiple choice and essay questions appear here. Other Important Information  You need to know your 8-digit UNT ID number for the test. Attendance will be monitored via your ID number, not via your name. You are not allowed to have your cell phone in sight during the test. All DMA students who have qualified for exemption from the multiple choice portion of the exam must still take the essay portion. All incoming doctoral students must take the essay portion of the GPE.  Scoring Rubrics The multiple choice and essay questions of the GPE in Music History are graded independently. You must correctly answer at least twenty-three of thirty-six multiple choice questions (i.e. 64%) and earn seven points out of ten on the essay to pass the entire exam. Your essay will not be graded 1) if you fail to answer at least eighteen multiple choice questions correctly or 2) if you do not follow the instructions for the essay prompt, e.g. by writing on two topics or two score excerpts instead of one each. GPE in Music History (Pre-1750)    Mulitple Choice Essay Review Course   22-36 / exempt* 6-10 No review course necessary   22-36 / exempt* 0-5 MUMH 5500   0-21 Not graded MUMH 5500    *Applies to doctoral students who qualify for an exemption from the multiple choice portion only. GPE in Music History (Post-1750)    Multiple Choice Essay Review Course   22-36 / exempt* 6-10 No review course necessary   22-36 / exempt* 0-5 MUMH 5510   0-21 Not graded MUMH 5510    *Applies to doctoral students who qualify for an exemption from the multiple choice portion only.  Graduate Placement Exam in Music Theory The GPE in Music Theory consists of two separate exams:  Ear Training A two-part excerpt is performed at the piano, including chromaticism such as secondary (or applied) dominants, augmented sixths, and the Neapolitan chord. You notate both voices, pitch and rhythm, as well as provide a harmonic analysis. A sample is given below, where gray notation represents a student response.  Part-Writing and Analysis Part-Writing: the bassline of a chromatic chorale is given with figured bass. You provide a harmonization in chorale style (SATB) and a harmonic analysis. A sample is given:\u200b   Scoring Rubrics     Part Writing and Analysis  Ear Training   70-100: Pass (no remediation necessary) 70-100: Pass (no remediation necessary   69 or less: Fail (take MUTH 5010) 69 or less: Fail (take MUTH 5010)                                                                                                                                                            Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.