(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/graduate-placement-exam-music-history-exemption-policy'
p1
V          Graduate Placement Exam in Music History - Exemption Policy | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                Graduate Placement Exam in Music History - Exemption Policy         Students who meet one or more following criteria will be notified by the Graduate Studies Office via email of their exemption from one or both parts of the GPE in music history. (No action on students' part is necessary in order to qualify.) If you have not received notification of your exemption, you must take the entire GPE in music history. 1. Incoming masters students who received a B- or better in one or both semesters of a two-semester music history survey from an NASM-accredited institution within the past three years are exempt from the corresponding portion of the GPE (i.e. pre-1750 or post-1750), both multiple choice and essay. 2. Incoming doctoral students who received a B- or better in one or both semesters of a two-semester music history survey from a NASM-accredited institution within the past seven years are exempt from the corresponding portion of the GPE (i.e. pre-1750 or post-1750 portion), multiple choice only. All incoming doctoral students are required to take the essay portions of the GPE.                           Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.