(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/gre-requirement'
p1
V          GRE Requirement | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                GRE Requirement       Incoming students in Composition, Music Education, Theory, Musicology, and Ethnomusicology must submit scores for the verbal and writing portions of the GRE (Graduate Record Examination) as a condition of your admission to UNT. If you have not already done so, you must submit scores to the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies immediately. You are only permitted to register for graduate level courses for one semester prior to submitting GRE scores. You will not be permitted to register for further semesters at the graduate level until your scores are received. The College of Music cannot waive this requirement. Failure to fulfill this requirement will affect registration, financial aid, scholarships, and TA/TF positions. Incoming students in the MM and DMA in performance (non-Jazz) may satisfy the GRE requirement with an on-campus Graduate Writing Exam (GWE), administered during orientation. An acceptable score on the Analytical Writing portion of the GRE may be substituted for the GWE. This score must be officially filed with the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies prior to enrollment. You will not be permitted to register for further semesters at the graduate level until you have either passed the GWE or submitted an acceptable Analytical Writing GRE score. The College of Music cannot waive this requirement for you. Failure to fulfill this requirement will affect registration, financial aid, scholarships, and TA/TF positions. Incoming students in Jazz Studies must submit scores from the GRE (Analytical Writing Section only) or pass the in-house writing exam administered by Jazz Studies during the required orientation for admitted students. If you choose the GRE Writing Section option, the score must be submitted prior to the start of the first semester of enrollment. If you choose the in-house exam option, you must take the exam at new graduate orientation before your first semester of classes. You will not be permitted to register for further semesters at the graduate level without having submitted GRE scores or having passed the in-house writing exam. The College of Music cannot waive this requirement. Failure to fulfill this requirement will affect registration, financial aid, scholarships, and TA/TF positions. The GRE is given on campus in the Counseling and Testing Office ([940] 369-7617). Information and practice exams are available at www.gre.org. It can take up to three weeks for your scores to be reported to UNT. The University code to report scores directly to UNT is 6481. Taking the Graduate Preparation Course provided by the Intensive English Language Institute (IELI) does not satisfy the writing exam/GRE requirement for international students.                           Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.