(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/jazz-studies'
p1
V          Jazz Studies Degree Plans | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                Jazz Studies Degree Plans       In 1946, The University of North Texas became the first university in the nation to offer a degree program in jazz studies. Today, the North Texas jazz program, housed within the largest music school in the nation, retains its role as leader in jazz education. It has earned an international reputation for excellence in both the music education field and the professional jazz industry. The UNT One O'Clock Lab Band is the best-known ensemble in the program, which offers the Master of Music degrees in jazz studies and the Doctor of Musical Arts with a concentration in jazz studies. Jazz studies courses can also be taken to fulfill elective or related field requirements in other UNT degrees. Admission to the related field in jazz studies is by audition. For more information, see the UNT Graduate Catalog at Toulouse Catalog. Many jazz studies courses are available for proficiency credit. At the start of each long semester, exams are given to enable those who can show that they have equivalent skills or knowledge to receive proficiency credit. Ten faculty, each renowned and respected in the field, instruct nearly 270 majors in areas of applied instrumental performance, vocal jazz and composition/arranging. Roughly 75 majors are recipients of endowed jazz scholarships. For information about admissions and degree requirements go to the UNT Division of Jazz Studies website. There you will also find the Jazz Studies Student Handbook.  MM in Jazz Studies Degree Plan DMA in Performance, Jazz Studies Concentration Degree Plan                            Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.