(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/graduate-artist-certificate-recitals'
p1
V          Graduate Artist Certificate Recitals | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                Graduate Artist Certificate Recitals       GAC Recital Application Form GAC Recital Change Form In order to register for GAC recitals, carefully follow the guidelines and instructions below:  You must be enrolled in the appropriate recital (MUGC 5941-5944, MUGC 6941-6944), or be fulfilling an incomplete from a previous semester, to receive credit for a the GAC recital. Students who perform a recital without being properly registered may not receive credit for that recital. Go online to the Calendar of Events on the College of Music website, http://music.unt.edu/calendar. You may research a date and time for your recital by clicking the Roomview tab at the top of the page. The date you choose must be at least three (3) weeks away to allow for the approval process to be completed. When selecting rooms to view, you may hold down the control key to select and view more than one venue at the same time. When a date has been selected and approved by your major faculty member and committee members, you can submit your recital date by clicking \u201cRequest\u201d on the left side menu of the calendar page. Sign in with your EUID and Password. First time users will be required to fill out a registration form. Once you submit a recital request you will receive an email that it is \u201cin process\u201d and when the Concert Scheduling Office receives and processes your request you will receive an email with detailed instructions on how to proceed with the approval process. After planning the recital\u2019s content in consultation with the major professor, a Graduate Artist Certificate Recital Application must be submitted to the Graduate Studies Office no later than three weeks before the proposed recital date for approval. Please note: the application form must be signed by the major professor and two area faculty members who agree to attend your recital and serve as jurors. Students giving off-campus recitals must still file the appropriate paperwork with the Graduate Studies Office. Students are responsible for providing a full program complete with date, time and location of performance, titles and dates of works, names and dates of composers, assisting performers and the appropriate recital course number and section (MUGC 5941-44, MUGC 6941-44) to Linda Strube in the College of Music Program Office (MU 241). This information is due NO LATER THAN three weeks prior to the performance. The student is also responsible for proofing the program once the first draft is completed by the Program Office. Contact linda.strube@unt.edu or 940-565-3709 for assistance. The candidate must submit a copy of each printed recital program to the Office of Graduate Studies in Music. Printed programs may be submitted in advance or the day after the recital. Each juror\u2019s written evaluative comments and recommended grade will be collected, retyped for anonymity, and forwarded to the major professor. The average of all grades submitted will be the final grade the major professor records for the dissertation credit. Cancellations If you cancel or postpone your recital, you must immediately inform the Concert Scheduling Office (MU 247A) so the date and time can be made available to others and publicity concerning your event can be cancelled. The Graduate Studies Office must be notified of your new recital date/time with a Change of Date form (which is due at least two weeks before the rescheduled recital). For Assistance With Scheduling or Reservation Issues Contact: Laura Ford, Concert Scheduling Office (MU 247H) (940) 565-3707 laura.ford@unt.edu Procedures for off-campus Recitals All off-campus recitals must be approved by the GACCom, to which the student must submit a formal petition. The petition must demonstrate the following:   The actual solo playing time totals 50 minutes. Ensemble time only counts if the student is still playing or singing a solo line. At least one member of the recital committee should be able to attend in person. You may not combine performances. The entire performance must occur during one concert. Conducting majors may split their events. The petition must include a letter or email from the professor in support of the off-campus performance. The performance must be in the future. Do not submit GAC recital applications for performances that have already taken place.                              Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.