(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/graduation-deadlines'
p1
V          Graduation Deadlines | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                Graduation Deadlines       Students are responsible for knowing and meeting these graduation deadlines.     Fall 2016   Spring 2017               September 9                                                                                                         March 10                                                                                          Graduate Application Deadline (all graduate students)                                   For information on how to apply for graduation go to TGS Graduation Information. You need to confirm that an approved degree plan is on file at the Toulouse Graduate School. You were mailed or emailed your approved degree plan with the signature of the Graduate School Dean; you do not need to submit a copy when you apply to graduate. The Graduate Studies Office is not responsible for supplying a copy of your degree plan or committee form.     October 21          March 17  Oral Defense Forms and Critical Essays / Theses / Disserations Due (MA, PhD, DMA)       The major professor and other committee members must sign and submit the oral defense form to the Graduate Studies Office. The student must submit an electronic copy of the final document to music.grad@unt.edu as prescribed in the CoM Thesis and Dissertation Procedures. Documents will only be accepted electronically.     November 4   March 31  Critical Essays / Theses / Dissertations due to the Toulouse Graduate School (MA, PhD, DMA)             You will be contacted via email by the College of Music Graduate Studies office when your document has been approved by the Director of Graduate Studies and the College of Music Dean.  After you have made any necessary edits, submit the final version of your document to the Toulouse Graduate Reader. Documents will only be accepted electronically. For information about electronic document submission requirements, click here.     November 4   March 31  Oral Comprehensive Forms due to Graduate Studies Office (MM, MMEd)  The major professor and other committee members must submit the oral comprehensive form and submit it to the Graduate Studies Office.                                   Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.