(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/continuing-student-info'
p1
V          FAQs | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                FAQs       Q. How do I register for DMA Recitals (MUGC 6951, 6952, 6953, 6954), GAC Recitals (MUGC 5941, 6941, 5942, 6942, 5943, 6943, 5954, 6954), Thesis (MUGC 5950), Dissertation (MUGC 6950), DMA Instrumental Literature (MUAG 6360, 6370), and Graduate Special Problems courses? A. You need to send an email to graduaterecitals@unt.edu with the following information: Your name and 8-digit student ID number Your major professor Which class you need to register for (example is 1st DMA recital, MUGC 6951) Which semester you need to register for (if summer, please indicate which session - 5wk1 or 5wk2) Q. Where do I get the letter that is required by UNT Financial Aid stating that I am a full-time graduate student even though I am taking both undergraduate and graduate courses in the same semester? A. Most, if not all, undergraduate coursework taken by graduate students is to satisfy transcript deficiencies. If you are registered for both undergraduate and graduate coursework in one semester, the College of Music Graduate Studies Office needs to verify the deficiency courses, your full-time credit status, and complete a letter which you need to bring to Financial Aid in the ESSC. For help with this letter, see either Colleen Conlon or Devyn Dougherty in the Graduate Studies Office, Chilton Hall, Suite 211. Q. How do I obtain permission to enroll more than full-time in one semester or summer session? A. A graduate student can request an overload of the maximum number of hours allowed in a semester (16 credits in long semesters, 7 credits in each five week summer session) through the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies. All requests are reviewed and the student notified of the status of their request prior to the end of registration for that semester. The form can be found at the Miscellaneous Forms section on this website.                           Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.