(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/fellowship-proposal-workshop'
p1
V          Fellowship Proposal Workshop | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                Fellowship Proposal Workshop       The Office of Graduate Studies in the College of Music, in collaboration with the UNT Office of Nationally Competitive Scholarships and UNT International, will sponsor a three-session workshop for graduate students in music who plan to apply for one or more nationally competitive fellowships in the fall of 2017. Examples of nationally competitive fellowships include the awards from the Fulbright U.S. Student Program, the Frank Huntington Beebe Fund for Musicians, and the DAAD (German Academic Exchange Service). An extensive list of such funding opportunities appears here.  Purpose Led by Dr. James Duban (Associate Dean for Research and National Scholarships, Honors College), Dr. Benjamin Brand (Director of Graduate Studies, College of Music), and Ms. Amanda Bennett (Director, Global Partnerships and Research Engagement, UNT International), this workshop is intended to help graduate students in music write effective project proposals for nationally competitive fellowships and/or scholarships. Eligible projects often involve prolonged study abroad and often include such activities as:  study with a prominent scholar and/or musician-pedagogue fieldwork primary-source research in archives or libraries   Timeline  Friday, May 5, 2017: Application deadline (click here for application form). Wednesday, May 17, 2017, 2:00pm-5:00pm: Workshop, Session #1. Dr. Duban, Dr. Brand, Ms. Bennett, and guest presenters will discuss the essential ingredients for an effective fellowship proposal. Summer 2017: Students will draft and revise their proposals with input from their major professor, Dr. Brand, and Dr. Duban.  Thursday, August 24: 11:00am-1:00pm: Workshop, Session #2: Workshop participants will present their completed fellowship applications with each other. Friday, August 25: 10:00-11:00am: Workshop, Session #3: Dr. Duban, Dr. Brand, and Ms. Bennett will meet with the students' faculty mentors and have the mentors share their approaches to writing effective letters of reccomendation.   Eligibility Enrollment will be limited to ten graduate students. Preference will be given to those students  who have a demonstrated record of academic and musical excellence who have formulated a tentative project for which they are seeking funding, one that makes a clear contribution to their field and/or discipline and that is supported by their major professor  For more information, please contact Dr. Benjamin Brand (benjamin.brand@unt.edu)                           Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.