(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/college-music-graduate-council'
p1
V          College of Music Graduate Council | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                College of Music Graduate Council       The College of Music Graduate Council is responsible for all graduate programs in the College of Music and serves as the graduate curriculum committee. The council will study the deletion, modification, or addition of any graduate course, the termination, modification, or creation of graduate programs and make recommendations to the Senior Associate Dean for Academic Affairs. The council administers various tasks in consultation with the Toulouse Graduate School. The Council is chaired by the Director of Graduate Studies and is comprised of Chairs of the various graduate committees and the College of Music representative to the University Graduate Council. The Dean, the Associate Deans, and the Associate Dean of the Toulouse Graduate School serve as ex officio members. Additionally, two at-large members of the Category III Graduate Faculty will be elected by the plenary faculty and will serve three-year terms. The Graduate Council typically meets from 4:00-5:30pm in the Dean's Conference Room on the first Monday of every month during long semesters. Agendas for the Graduate Council's meetings will be posted three business days beforehand. Meetings are open to all members of the faculty. If you wish to attend a meeting, please inform the Council's chair beorehand. Graduate Council Meetings (Fall 2016) October 3 (agenda) November 7 (no agenda; electronic meeting) February 6 (agenda)   Graduate Council Members (2016-17) Dr. Benjamin Brand (chair) Prof. Christopher Dean (at-large representative, 2015-18) Dr. Joseph Klein (composition degree representative) Dr. John Murphy (jazz degree representative) Dr. Rebecca Geoffroy-Schwinden (at-large representative, spring 2017) Dr. Cathy Ragland (academic degree representative) Dr. Donald Taylor (music education degree representative) Dr. Nicholas Williams (performance degree representative) Prof. Jennifer Lane (College of Music representative to the University Graduate Council)   Ex Officio Members Dr. John Richmond, Dean, College of Music Dr. Warren Henry, Senior Associate Dean for Academic Affairs, College of Music Dr. Jon Nelson, Associate Dean for Operations, College of Music Dr. Joseph Oppong, Associate Dean of Research and Professional Development, Toulouse Graduate School Dr. Colleen Conlon, Graduate Academic Advisor                           Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.