(S'http://graduate.music.unt.edu/grant-scholarship-and-fellowship-opportunities'
p1
V          Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities | College of Music | Graduate Studies                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home For New Students »  For New Students FAQs »  FAQs Graduate Writing Exam Graduate Placement Exams »  Graduate Placement Exams Music History Music Theory   GRE Requirement   Orientation Schedule   For Current Students »  For Current Students Handbooks and Degree Plans »  Handbooks and Degree Plans Composition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate   Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop   For Faculty »  For Faculty College of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students   Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities          Search form  Search                College of Music | Graduate Studies         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Music | Graduate Studies             Main menu  Home For New StudentsFAQsGRE Requirement Graduate Placement ExamsMusic History Music Theory  Graduate Writing Exam  Orientation Schedule  For Current StudentsHandbooks and Degree PlansComposition Jazz Studies Music Education Music History, Theory, Ethnomusicology Music Performance Graduate Artist Certificate  Course Rotations Policies, Procedures and Forms Graduation Deadlines FAQs Fellowship Proposal Workshop  For FacultyCollege of Music Graduate Council Mentoring Graduate Students  Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities                Grants, Scholarship, and Fellowship Opportunities       Welcome to the UNT College of Music grants, scholarships and fellowships database, maintained by the Graduate Studies Office, in collaboration with the UNT Office for Nationally Competitive Scholarships. This database contains graduate student funding opportunities in the arts & humanities, with sublistings for grants with the Andrew W. Mellon and William J. Fulbright Foundations, the later overseen at UNT by UNT-International (see drop down menu under Contents). Whereas \u201cinternal\u201d awards are those offered by your Division, the College of Music, or the University, \u201cexternal\u201d awards are those national and international awards offered by private foundations, government agencies, and corporations. External funders can include the Department of Cultural Affairs, Jack Kent Cooke Foundation, Ford Foundation, American Association of University Women, Fulbright Foundation, American Musicological Society, and many, many more. Grants, Scholarships, and Fellowships There are a few distinctions between grants, scholarships and fellowships. Grants are the most inclusive, representing any grant of money in exchange for a prescribed, defined purpose. Scholarships usually refer to grants in support of graduate education, and fellowships usually refer to grants in support of post-baccalaureate projects outside of the normal curriculum. Fellowships are monetary awards connected to a specific field of study and the grant-giving organization. All scholarships and fellowships are grants. Grants, scholarships, and fellowships do not need to be repaid and usually have clearly defined timelines. Private Foundation Grants A private foundation is a charitable organization that does not receive a major part of its support from the public. Foundations are nonprofit entities which are set up by an individual, family or group of individuals and managed by its own trustees or directors. Private foundations are allowed to give scholarships or fellowships to enable a student to pursue graduate study at an educational institution or fund a graduate student to achieve a specific objective. Application Protocol When you have found the grant, scholarship, or fellowship you want to apply for, the following instructions can serve as guidelines for initial feedback about your application:   Determine the word or \u201ccharacter\u201d limit for each entry;   Fill out the response in a Word document, adhering to the word or \u201ccharacter\u201d limit;   Place the response beneath a cut-and-paste of the essay prompt (that is, the instructions for that essay), and have your major professor review it for thematic and stylistic feedback;   Incorporate the feedback from your major professor into your Word document;   Cut and paste the revised Word document into an email and send it to the Director of the Office of Nationally Competitive Scholarships at jduban@unt.edu with the name of the grant in the subject line. He will provide additional feedback in the areas of style and tone.   When you, your major professor, and Dr. Duban are satisfied with the Word document, you will undertake the same process for each subsequent entry or essay.   After completing each entry this way, you will cut and paste those entries into the appropriate boxes or columns in the formal application. Never work on the Internet site of the application until you have completed the essay(s) in Word.   Students should complete the application at least three weeks prior to the deadline and show a copy of the completed application to any person from whom they expect a letter of recommendation. The completed application will give your recommenders more to say about you and will also allow them to place their recommendations in the context of the specific scholarship and its expectations. Professors will also interpret the three-week buffer as a welcome gesture of courtesy.   Winning an external grant, scholarship or fellowship requires an investment of time. By matriculating at the UNT College of Music, you have joined the ranks of the nation\u2019s most promising musicians, educators, and scholars and there is no grant or fellowship that is out of your reach. We invite you to browse this online resource and take advantage of this database of funding opportunities in the arts and humanities.   A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z   A   American Academy in Berlin - Postdoctoral Fellowships Deadline: early September  The Academy welcomes emerging as well as established scholars, writers, and professionals who wish to engage in independent study in Berlin. Around two dozen Berlin Prizes are conferred annually. Past Berlin Prize recipients have included historians, economists, poets, art historians, journalists, legal scholars, anthropologists, musicologists, public policy experts, and writers, among others. Fellowships are typically awarded for an academic semester or, in some cases, for an entire academic year. All fellows are expected to reside at the Hans Arnhold Center during the entire term of the award. URL: http://www.americanacademy.de/home/fellows   American Academy in Rome - Rome Prize in the Humanities Deadline: early November   Each year, the Rome Prize is awarded to thirty predoctoral and postdoctoral emerging artists and scholars who represent the highest standard of excellence in the arts and humanities. Prize recipients are invited to Rome for six months or eleven months to immerse themselves in the Academy community where they will enjoy a once in a lifetime opportunity to expand their own professional, artistic, or scholarly pursuits, drawing on their colleagues' erudition and experience and on the inestimable resources that Italy, Europe, the Mediterranean, and the Academy have to offer. URL: http://www.aarome.org/apply/rome-prize/procedure-requirements   American Association of University Women (AAUW) - American Fellowships Deadline: early November   American Fellowships support women doctoral candidates completing dissertations. Candidates are evaluated on the basis of scholarly excellence, experience teaching or mentoring female students, and active commitment to helping women and girls through service in their communities, professions, or fields of research. The fellowship is open to applicants in all fields of study. Scholars engaged in science, engineering and math and researching gender issues are especially encouraged to apply. URL: http://www.aauw.org/what-we-do/educational-funding-and-awards/american-f...   American Association of University Women (AAUW) - International Fellowships Deadline: early December  AAUW International Fellowships are awarded for full-time study or research to women who are not U.S citizens or permanent residents. Recipients are selected for academic achievement and demonstrated commitment to women and girls. The overwhelming majority return to their home countries to become leaders in government, academia, community activism, the arts, and science. Both graduate and postgraduate studies at accredited institutions are supported. Selection criteria include an outstanding academic record, professional potential, and the potential of the field of study to improve the lives of women and girls in the fellow's country of origin. Preference is given to women residing in their home countries at the time of application. URL: http://www.aauw.org/what-we-do/educational-funding-and-awards/internatio...   American Musicological Society - Alvin Johnson Dissertation Fellowships Deadline: Early December  The Society makes available three dissertation-year fellowships each year. The fellowships are not intended for support of early stages of research: it is expected that a fellowship recipient\u2019s dissertation will be completed within the fellowship year. URL:http://www.ams-net.org/fellowships/ams50.php   American Musicological Society - Howard Mayer Brown Fellowship in Musicology Deadline: early December Intended to increase the presence of minority scholars and teachers in musicology, the Brown fellowship supports one year of graduate work for a student at a U.S. university who is a member of a group historically underrepresented in the discipline, including African Americans, Native Americans, Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans URL: http://www.ams-net.org/fellowships/hmb.php   Asian Cultural Council Grants Deadline: early November  The Asian Cultural Council, based in New York, awards grants to students to conduct research, study, receive specialized training, undertake observation tours, or pursue non-commercial creative activity in the following areas of study: Archaeology, Architecture, Art History, Arts Administration, Arts Criticism, Film/Photography/Video, Conservation, Crafts, Dance, Design, Literature, Museology, Music, New Media, Painting/Sculpture/Installation, Printmaking, Theater. URL: http://www.asianculturalcouncil.org/   Aspen Music Festival & School (AMSF) - Scholarships & Fellowships Deadline: Varies  The Aspen Music Festival and School offers two forms of financial assistance to its students: scholarships and fellowships. Scholarships range from partial to full tuition, and fellowships cover full tuition as well as room and board in School housing. Approximately sixty-five percent of the AMFS student body receive some amount of financial assistance and more than thirty-seven percent receive fellowships. Scholarships are awarded based on a combination of talent and financial need, and range from partial to full tuition. All students who apply for financial assistance will be considered for scholarship. Fellowships are merit-based and are awarded based either on a live audition or a recorded application and cover full tuition, and room and board in School housing. Some programs require a live audition for fellowships. Financial assistance is not available to students electing to attend for only half session of a full session program. For details, see your specific program of study. URL: http://www.aspenmusicfestival.com/index.cfm?method=sc.scholarships#Ancho...     B Back to top  Beebe Fund For Musicians  The Frank Huntington Beebe Fund for Musicians was established in 1932 under the terms of the will of Frank Huntington Beebe, a Boston philanthropist interested in music. The purpose of the Fund is to provide fellowships for gifted young musicians, generally performers and composers in classical disciplines, who wish to pursue advanced music study and performance abroad, usually in Europe. URL: http://www.beebefund.org         C Back to top  Carnegie Mellon University - Humanities Center Postdoctoral Fellowship Deadline: early January  Carnegie Mellon University invites applications for a residential postdoctoral fellowship at the junior or senior level. Responsibilities include the presentation of a public lecture, participation in the Humanities Center's Faculty Research Colloquium and contributing to the intellectual life of the center. Fellows must be in residence in Pittsburgh during the term of the fellowship. The theme for 2013-2014 is \u201cWhat is the role of the humanities in the "global university?" URL: http://www.cmu.edu/hss/humanities-center/people/application.html   Center for Jewish History (CJH) - Graduate Research Fellowships Deadline: early February  The CJH, composed of its five partners (American Jewish Historical Society, American Sephardi Federation, Leo Baeck Institute, Yeshiva University Museum, YIVO Institute for Jewish Research), offers fellowships that are intended for PhD candidates. The awards support original research at the Center for Jewish History in the field of Jewish Studies. Preference will be given to those candidates who draw on the library and archival resources of more than one partner. Fellows will have access to all collections housed at the Center for Jewish History. Collections include old and rare books, periodical collections, photos, memoirs, official decrees, personal letters, contemporary publications and more. URL: http://www.cjh.org/p/36   Chateaubriand Fellowships for Humanities & Social Science Research in France Deadline: early January  The Chateaubriand Fellowship is a grant offered by the Education Office of the Embassy of France in the United States. The Fellowship allows PhD students enrolled in American universities to conduct research in France for 4 to 8 months. Each candidate must explain how many months he or she would like to spend in France and why.     URL: http://humanities.chateaubriand-fellowship.org/   The College Music Society-Yamaha In-Residence Fellowship Deadline: mid-May  The Yamaha Corporation has made it possible for The College Music Society to award an annual competitive fellowship grant to a graduate professional music student pursuing engagement and outreach activities. The CMS-Yamaha In-Residence Fellowship allows a graduate student to create and complete a residency in a community institution, including educational, artistic, and civic enterprises during the subsequent academic year.   URL: https://www.music.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=2457&...   Chiang Ching-kuo Foundation for International Scholarly Exchange - Doctoral Fellowships for non-ROC Citizens Deadline: October  The Chiang Ching-kuo Foundation is a nonprofit organization headquartered in Taipei, the capital of the Republic of China on Taiwan. The Foundation promotes international scholarly exchange and the understanding of Chinese culture and society overseas. Successful candidates are expected to complete their dissertations by the end of the grant period.   URL: http://www.cckf.org.tw/e-americaDF.htm     D Back to top  DAAD (German Academic Exchange Service) - Graduate Research Grant Deadline: early November  DAAD Research Grants support highly qualified PhD candidates wishing to conduct research in Germany. Grants are awarded for projects lasting from one to ten months, and projects must take place during the German academic year (October 1 - July 31). URL: http://www.daad.org/?p=gradresearch#terms   Dan David Prize - Predoctoral and Postdoctoral Scholarships Deadline: early March  The Dan David Prize provides twenty scholarships to outstanding doctoral and postdoctoral students of exceptional promise in the chosen fields for the current year. Ten scholarships are awarded to doctoral and post-doctoral students at universities throughout the world and ten scholarships at Tel Aviv University. URL: http://www.dandavidprize.org/scholarship-applications   Dolores Zohrab Liebmann Fellowships - for Graduate Study in Humanities, Social Sciences, or Natural Sciences Deadline: early January  Liebmann Fellowships support graduate study in any field of the humanities, social sciences, or natural sciences. URL: http://foundationcenter.org/grantmaker/liebmann/index.html         E Back to top      F Back to top  Finlandia Foundation - National Trust Grants Deadline: Early February  Finlandia Foundation National encourages projects related to Finnish and Finnish-American culture, including contemporary culture, in Finland and the U.S. URL: http://www.finlandiafoundation.org/Scholarships     Five College - Fellowship Program for Underrepresented Students Deadline: early January  Five College Fellowships offer year-long residencies for doctoral students completing dissertations. The program supports scholars from underrepresented groups, and/or scholars with unique interests and histories, whose engagement in the Academy will enrich scholarship and teaching. Each Fellow is hosted within an appropriate department or program at Amherst College, Hampshire College, Mount Holyoke College, or Smith College. (At Smith, recipients hold a Mendenhall Fellowship.) Fellows are provided research and teaching mentors and connected through the consortial office to resources and scholars across the five campuses, which include UMass Amherst. The office also supports meetings of the Fellows throughout the year. URL: https://www.fivecolleges.edu/faculty/fellowships/node/75   Ford Foundation - Diversity Dissertation Fellowships Deadline: November  The dissertation fellowships provide one year of support for individuals working to complete a dissertation leading to a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) or Doctor of Science (Sc.D.) degree. These one-year awards will be made to individuals who have demonstrated superior academic achievement, are committed to a career in teaching and research at the college or university level, show promise of future achievement as scholars and teachers, and are well prepared to use diversity as a resource for enriching the education of all students. URL: http://sites.nationalacademies.org/PGA/FordFellowships/PGA_047959   Ford Foundation - Diversity Postdoctoral Fellowships Deadline: November Through its program of Diversity Fellowships, the Ford Foundation seeks to increase the diversity of the nation's college and university faculties by increasing their ethnic and racial diversity, to maximize the educational benefits of diversity, and to increase the number of professors who can and will use diversity as a resource for enriching the education of all students. URL: http://sites.nationalacademies.org/PGA/FordFellowships/PGA_047960   Freie Universitat Berlin - Berlin Program for Advanced German and European Studies - Dissertation & Postdoctoral Fellowships Deadline: December  The Berlin Program provides dissertation and postdoctoral fellowships for North American scholars specializing in modern and contemporary Germany and Europe. The program supports scholars in all social science and humanities disciplines, including historians working on the period since the mid-18th century. Fellowships are awarded for a period between ten to twelve months and must be held for a single continuous period. URL: http://www.fu-berlin.de/en/sites/bprogram/     G Back to top  Gates Cambridge Scholarship Deadline: October  The Gates Cambridge Scholarships are full-cost awards for graduate study and research in any subject available at the University of Cambridge. The scholarships are highly competitive and open to citizens of any country outside the UK. The program aims to build a global network of future leaders committed to improving the lives of others. URL: http://www.gatesscholar.org/   Georgia O'Keeffe Museum Research Center - Predoctoral and Postdoctoral Fellowships for the Study of American Modernism Deadline: early December  The Georgia O\u2019Keeffe Museum Research Center sponsors full-time scholarships in American Modernism from the late nineteenth-century to the present. Stipends are awarded to historians in the fields of art, architecture and design, literature, music and photography. Research Center scholars have access to the archive and library collections of the Georgia O\u2019Keeffe Museum as well as collections from archival and library institutions across the Albuquerque and Santa Fe communities. In addition to those resources, the scholarship program strives to provide a supportive community and environment for scholars to pursue their research and writings. Up to four scholars are in residence at one time, with terms ranging from periods of three to nine months. URL: http://www.okeeffemuseum.org/stipends-in-american-modernism.html   Getty Research Institute - Library Research Grants Deadline: November  Getty Library Research Grants provide partial, short-term support for costs relating to travel and living expenses to scholars whose research requires use of specific collections housed in the Getty Research Institute. The Research Library at the Getty Research Institute focuses on the history of art, architecture, and archaeology with relevant materials in the humanities and social sciences. The range of the collections begins with prehistory and extends to contemporary art. Presently, the collections are strongest in the history of western European art and culture in Europe and North America; however, in recent years, they have expanded to include other areas, such as Latin America, Eastern Europe, and selected regions of Asia. The general library collections (secondary sources) include over one million volumes of books, periodicals, and auction catalogs. URL: http://www.getty.edu/foundation/funding/residential/library_research_gra...   Gladys Krieble Delmas Foundation - Grants for Research on Venetian History & Culture Deadline: December  The Gladys Krieble Delmas Foundation offers grants (predoctoral and postdoctoral) for travel to and residence in Venice and the Veneto. Grants will be awarded for historical research specifically on Venice and the former Venetian empire, and for study of contemporary Venetian society and culture. Disciplines of the humanities and social sciences are eligible areas of study, including (but not limited to) archaeology, architecture, art, bibliography, economics, history, history of science, law, literature, music, political science, religion, and theater. URL: http://www.delmas.org/guidelines/v_ir_a.html     H Back to top  Harvard University Society of Fellows Program Deadline: August  The purpose of the Society is to give men and women at an early stage of their scholarly careers an opportunity to pursue their studies in any department of the University, free from formal requirements. Prospective Junior Fellows should either be in the dissertation writing stage or should have recently completed their Ph.D. They must be persons of exceptional ability, originality, and resourcefulness, and should be of the highest calibre of intellectual achievement, comparable to successful candidates for junior faculty positions at leading universities. The term of appointment is three years, and no extensions are granted. Junior Fellows are required to be in residence in Cambridge or neighboring communities during the academic year and to attend the weekly lunches and dinners. URL: http://socfell.fas.harvard.edu/about.html   Helen Ann Mins Robbins - Fellowship for Women Conducting Dissertation Research in Medieval Studies Deadline: April  The fellowship supports research at the University of Rochester's Rossell Hope Robbins Library for a woman working on a dissertation in medieval studies. The fellowship is granted every other year. Robbins Library has outstanding holdings in medieval English literature--including but not limited to Chaucer, the Middle English lyric, medieval romance, and general Old and Middle English literature--and has considerable holdings in medieval British history and culture and in the relations between England and France in the Middle Ages. URL: http://www.library.rochester.edu/robbins/fellowship     Henry Luce Foundation - Scholars Program for Study in Asia Deadline: September  The Henry Luce Foundation provides one-year individualized professional internships in East or Southeast Asia for those with little academic knowledge or experience of Asia. The goal of the program is to provide an Asian experience for future leaders who have not yet had significant exposure to Asia. Applications are welcome from college seniors, graduate students, and young professionals in a variety of fields. URL: www.hluce.org     I Back to top  Institute of Historical Research, School of Advanced Study, University of London - Research Fellowships in History & the Humanities Deadline: Varies  The Institute of Historical Research is one of ten member Institutes of the School of Advanced Study part of the University of London. Its mission is to promote the study of history and an appreciation of the importance of the past among academics and the general public, in the UK and internationally. URL: http://www.history.ac.uk/fellowships/junior     J Back to top  Jack Kent Cooke Foundation Deadline: February  The Jack Kent Cooke Foundation offers competitions for entering and continuing graduate students. The Graduate scholarships require the institution to nominate no more than two students for each award. The scholarships are given to approximately 65 students each year. URL: http://www.jkcf.org/   Jacob K. Javits Fellowship Program Deadline: January  The Jacob K. Javits Fellowship Program provides up to 4 years of competitively awarded support to student of superior academic ability and high financial need who are pursuing graduate degrees in the arts, humanities and social sciences. It is the only federal fellowship program that provides financial support to students pursuing graduate degrees in the humanities and arts. URL: http://www2.ed.gov/programs/jacobjavits/index.html   Japan Foundation - Fellowships in Japanese Studies Deadline: early November  The Japan Foundation promotes international cultural exchange and mutual understanding between Japan and other countries. To promote Japanese Studies, the Foundation provides support to outstanding scholars in the field by offering the opportunity to conduct research in Japan through various fellowship programs. URL: http://www.jfny.org/japanese_studies/fellowship.html   Japanese-American Citizens League (JACL) - Graduate Scholarships Deadline: early April  The JACL offers scholarships to graduate students in most fields including the social sciences, humanities, arts, sciences, and professional fields including law, medicine and the ministry. URL: http://www.jacl.org/edu/scholar.htm     K Back to top  Kate Neal Kinley - Memorial Fellowships in Fine and Applied Arts Deadline: December  Kate Neal Kinley Memorial Fellowships support advanced study of the Fine Arts in America or abroad. Three major Fellowships will be awarded, one of approximately $20,000 in any field of music; one of approximately $20,000 in architectural design and history, art and design, theatre, dance, or instrumental or vocal music; and one of approximately $9,000 in art, architecture, dance, landscape architecture, theatre, or urban and regional planning. Up to three additional fellowships of lesser amounts may also be granted upon Committee recommendations. URL: http://faa.illinois.edu/kate_neal_kinley_memorial_fellowship     Kenyon College - Marilyn Yarbrough Dissertation/Teaching Fellowship Deadline: December  The Marilyn Yarbrough Dissertation/Teaching Fellowship is for scholars from underrepresented groups who are in the final stages of their doctoral work who need only to finish the dissertation to complete requirements for the PhD. URL: http://www.kenyon.edu/x27112.xml     Korea Foundation - Fellowship for Field Research in Korea Deadline: July  The Fellowship for Field Research program supports foreign scholars and professionals to undertake field research in Korea. Grants are for a period of three to twelve months. URL: http://www.kf.or.kr/eng/01_sks/sks_fel_sfd01.asp     L Back to top  La Unidad Latina Foundation Deadline: February  Educational scholarships are awarded to Hispanic students on a competitive basis. URL: http://www.lulfoundation.org/Apply/tabid/60/Default.aspx     Library Company of Philadelphia & The Historical Society of Pennsylvania - Postdoctoral Fellowships in Colonial U.S. History and Culture Deadline: November  The Library Company of Philadelphia and the Historical Society of Pennsylvania provide residential postdoctoral fellowships in their two main collections, supporting research in a variety of fields and disciplines relating to the history of America and the Atlantic world from the 17th through the 19th centuries, as well as Mid-Atlantic regional history to the present. Topics include: the history of women and African-Americans, popular literature, business and banking, popular medicine, philanthropy and reform, education, natural sciences, technology, art, architecture, German Americana, American Judaica, and a host of other subjects. URL: http://www.librarycompany.org/fellowships/postdoc.htm   Library of Congress - John W. Kluge Center Postdoctoral Fellowships Deadline: July  The Kluge Center encourages humanistic and social science research that makes use of the Library's large and varied collections. Interdisciplinary, cross-cultural, or multi-lingual research is particularly welcome. Among the collections available to researchers are the world's largest law library and outstanding multi-lingual collections of books and periodicals. Deep special collections of manuscripts, maps, music, films, recorded sound, prints and photographs are also available. URL: http://loc.gov/loc/kluge/fellowships/kluge.html     M Back to top  Manuscript Society - Maass Research Grant Deadline: June  The Manuscript Society offers the Maass Research Grant to support scholars whose research relies heavily on manuscripts. Applicants must be pursuing a graduate degree at an accredited College or University that holds institutional membership in The Manuscript Society and be formally sponsored by that institutional member. URL: http://www.manuscript.org/2009maassgrant.html   Marshall Scholarship Deadline: August  Marshall Scholarships provide students with one to three years at any university in the United Kingdom. The scholarship is applicable to any field of study. URL: www.marshallscholarship.org   Medieval Academy of America - Birgit Baldwin Fellowship in French Medieval History Deadline: November  The Baldwin Fellowship provides a grant to support a graduate student in a North American university who is researching and writing a significant dissertation for the PhD on any subject in French medieval history that can be realized only by sustained research in the archives and libraries of France. URL: http://www.medievalacademy.org/grants/gradstudent_grants_baldwin.htm   Medieval Academy of America - Dissertation Grants Deadline: February Medieval Academy dissertation grants support advanced graduate students who are writing Ph.D. dissertations on medieval topics. The grants help defray research expenses such as the cost of travel to research collections and the cost of photographs, photocopies, microfilms, and other research materials. The cost of books or equipment (e.g., computers) is not included. URL: http://www.medievalacademy.org/?page=MAA_Grants   Mexico-North Research Network - Transnationalism Summer Fellowships Deadline: February  The Mexico-North Research Network supports innovative research on U.S.-Mexican Transnationalism and U.S.-Mexican Transnational Communities in a six to eight week summer program in Mexico. It strives to foster collaboration among U.S. and Mexican scholars on topics related to these themes. Research projects must focus on topics that have not been thoroughly explored and must contribute significantly to the advancement of scholarship on these topics. URL: http://www.mexnor.org/   Miami University, Ohio - Havighurst Center for Russian and Post-Soviet Studies - Postdoctoral Fellowships Deadline: April  Postdoctoral fellowships are awarded annually by the Havighurst Center. Fellowships are given in all areas of academic study related to Russia and other post Soviet countries, including history, politics, music, culture, art, architecture, religion, literature, and daily life. The fellowships are designed for junior scholars of exceptional promise. Fellowships are for one year, but may be renewed for a second year. URL: http://www.units.muohio.edu/havighurstcenter/opportunities/postdoctoral....     Midwestern Association of Graduate Schools (MAGS) Distinguished Master's Thesis Award Deadline: October  The MAGS Distinguished Master's Thesis Award recognizes distinguished scholarship and research at the master's level. To be considered, a thesis must contain original work that makes an unusually significant contribution to the discipline. URL: http://www.mags-net.org/ThesisAwards.htm   Mustard Seed Foundation - Harvey Fellows Program Deadline: November  The Harvey Fellows Program provides scholarships to Christian students who are pursuing graduate studies at premier universities in fields considered to be underrepresented by Christians and who possess a unique vision to impact society through their vocations. Fellowships may be renewed for up to 2 additional years. URL: http://msfdn.org/harveyfellows/       N Back to top  National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) - Regional Residency Fellowship Program Deadline: March  The Residency Fellowship Program gives researchers the opportunity to conduct original research using records held at National Archives locations in Boston, MA; Denver, CO; Fort Worth, TX; Riverside, CA; San Francisco, CA; and St. Louis, MO. Researchers can explore overlooked records and experience what many researchers have discovered: that it is not necessary to go to Washington, DC, to do research at the National Archives. For 2013, one fellow will be assigned to each of the participating National Archives facilities, for a total of six fellowships. URL: http://blogs.archives.gov/online-public-access/?p=8683   National Endowment for the Humanities Deadline: Varies  The National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) is an independent federal agency created in 1965. It is one of the largest funders of humanities programs in the United States. The Endowment promotes excellence in the humanities by awarding grants for top-rated proposals examined by panels of independent, external reviewers. URL: http://www.neh.gov/grants   National Italian American Foundation (NIAF) - Scholarships Deadline: March  The NIAF will award scholarships to two groups of students: 1) Italian American students who demonstrate outstanding potential and high academic achievement and 2) students from any ethnic background majoring or minoring in Italian language, Italian studies, Italian American studies or a related field, who demonstrate outstanding potential and high academic achievement. Scholarship recipients are eligible for one year of scholarship support. Scholarship applicants and winners can and are encouraged to reapply in subsequent years. URL: http://www.niaf.org/scholarships/   New York Public Library - Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture - Postdoctoral Fellowship Deadline: November  The Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture offers the Scholars-in-Residence Program to assist those scholars and professionals whose research in the black experience can benefit from extended access to the Center's resources.Fellowships funded by the Center will allow recipients to spend six to twelve months or a year in residence with access to resources at the Schomburg Center and other centers of The New York Public Library. The program encourages research and writing on black history and culture, facilitates interaction among participating scholars, and provides wide-spread dissemination of findings through lectures, publications, and colloquia and seminars. It encompasses projects in African, Afro-American, and Afro-Caribbean history and culture. URL: http://www.nypl.org/locations/tid/64/node/131   Newberry Library - Dissertation and Postdoctoral Research Fellowships Deadline: December  Newberry Library Fellowships enable scholars to work on projects related to the Newberry Library's collections. Fellowship periods are three to twelve months. The Newberry collections include: European discovery, exploration, and settlement of the Americas; The American West; Local history, family history, and genealogy; Literature and history of the Midwest, especially the Chicago Renaissance; Native American histories and literatures; The Renaissance; French Revolutionary Era; Portuguese and Brazilian history; British literature and history; History of cartography; History and theory of music; History of printing; and Early philology and linguistics. URL: http://www.newberry.org/research/felshp/long-term.html   Newberry Library - Short-Term Fellowships Deadline: January Newberry Library Fellowships enable scholars to work on projects related to the Newberry Library's collections. The collections include: European discovery, exploration, and settlement of the Americas; The American West; Local history, family history, and genealogy; Literature and history of the Midwest, especially the Chicago Renaissance; Native American histories and literatures; The Renaissance; French Revolutionary Era; Portuguese and Brazilian history; British literature and history; History of cartography; History and theory of music; History of printing; and Early philology and linguistics. Long-term and short-term fellowships are available in addition to special awards. URL: http://www.newberry.org/research/felshp/short-term.html     O Back to top  Open Society Archives at Central European University, Budapest - Visegrad Fellowship Deadline: April  The Open Society Archives at Central European University, Budapest offers research fellowships on a competitive basis to support scholars artists and journalists who wish to conduct research in the holdings of OSA, and whose current projects are relevant to the holdings and the research priorities of the Fund and OSA. Fellowships are for up to 8 weeks. URL: http://www.osaarchivum.org/work-with-us/fellowship/visegrad-scholarship     P Back to top  Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Educational Foundation (SEF) - Research Assistance Grants for Musicians Deadline: February  The mission of the Sinfonia Educational Foundation (SEF) is to enrich the lives of collegiate Sinfonians and to advance music in America by supporting scholarship, education, and the development of leadership and noble ideals among future generations of musicians and supporters of music in America. URL: http://www.sinfonia.org/SEF/scholarships/default.asp   The Point Foundation Deadline: January The Point Foundation is looking for individuals who have proven leadership skills, excellent scholastic achievements and want to make a different in the LGBT community. URL: http://www.pointfoundation.org/   Princeton Society of Fellows - Postdoctoral Fellowships in Humanities/Social Sciences & in East Asian Studies Deadline: October  The Princeton Society of Fellows awards several three-year fellowships. Applicants may apply for one or more fellowship(s) pertinent to their research and teaching. Fellows are expected to reside in or near Princeton during the academic year so they can attend weekly seminars and participate fully in the intellectual life of the Society. URL: http://www.princeton.edu/sf/fellowships/       Q Back to top      R Back to top  Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University - Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Creative Arts, Humanities, Social Sciences, Sciences & Math Deadline: October  The Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University offers fellowships designed to support scholars, scientists, artists, and writers of exceptional promise and demonstrated accomplishment who wish to pursue work in academic and professional fields and in the creative arts. The Radcliffe Institute Fellowship Program is a scholarly community where individuals pursue advanced work across a wide range of academic disciplines, professions, and creative arts. URL: http://www.radcliffe.edu/fellowships/apply.aspx   Rhodes Scholarships Campus Deadline: August  The Rhodes Scholarship is an international award for graduate study at Oxford University. Rhodes Scholars may study in any full-time graduate program offered by Oxford University for 1-3 years. URL: www.rhodesscholar.org     Rockefeller Foundation - Bellagio Center Fellowships in the Creative Arts Deadline: Two annual deadlines: May and December  The Bellagio Center, located in Bellagio, Italy, offers two-month residential fellowships to outstanding creative artists at all career stages with a record of significant achievement in their field. Video/filmmakers, novelists, playwrights, poets, visual artists, and artists in performance art and multimedia from any country are welcome to apply. The Bellagio Center's conference and residency programs attract influential and relevant leaders, policymakers, artists and scholars from around the world to share their ideas and projects, to debate and to collaborate. They address issues that are fundamental to the Foundation\u2019s mission. URL: http://www.rockefellerfoundation.org/bellagio-center/bellagio-creative-a...   The Rotary Foundation Deadline: Varies  The Rotary Foundation enables graduate students to advance world understanding, goodwill and peace through the support of education. URL: http://www.rotary.org/en/grants     Ruth Landes Memorial Research Fund - Fellowships Deadline: Continuous  The Ruth Landes Memorial Research Fund was established in 1991 in honor of Ruth Schlossberg Landes, Ph.D. (1908\u20131991) for interdisciplinary research and publications on subjects that were of interest to Dr. Landes during her professional and academic career. Dr. Landes conducted fieldwork among Afro-Brazilians, African-Americans in the United States of America, and American Indians, including the Ojibwa, Potawatomi and Sioux. She worked in Canada, Brazil, England, Scotland, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland and in the U.S.A. Her research topics included, but were not limited to, aging, gender and sexuality, race and ethnicity, immigrant and minority populations, culture and education, language and identity and religion. URL: http://www.thereedfoundation.org/landes/grants.html   S Back to top  Smithsonian Institution - Predoctoral, Dissertation, & Postdoctoral Fellowships Deadline: January  The Smithsonian Institution provides a number of fellowships to support research and study in a variety of fields. The Smithsonian, located in Washington, DC, is the world's largest museum and research complex, consisting of 19 museums and galleries, the National Zoological Park, and nine research facilities. URL: http://www.si.edu/ofg/fellowopp.htm     The Society for American Music Deadline: Varies  The Society for American Music supports the performance, creation and study of American musics of all eras and in all their diversity and offers a wide range of individual grants to meet the needs of scholars. URL: http://american-music.org/awards/AwardInformation.php     The Society for Ethnomusicology Deadline: Varies  The Society for Ethnomusicology prizes recognize individuals for distinguished work in ethnomusicology. URL: http://www.ethnomusicology.org/?page=Prizes_Home     The Society for Music Theory Deadline: Varies  The Society for Music Theory offers awards that recognize outstanding publications within the field of music theory, grants to support the preparation of scholarly publications and grants to support travel to conferences by theorists belonging to ethnic minorities and for theorists who live outside of the United States and Canada. URL: http://societymusictheory.org/grants   Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans Deadline: November  Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships provide support for "New Americans," i.e., green card holders, naturalized citizens, or the children of naturalized citizens. Each fellowship supports up to two years of graduate study \u2013 in any field and in any advanced degree-granting program \u2013 in the United States. The program provides opportunities for continuing generations of able and accomplished New Americans to achieve leadership in their chosen fields. URL: http://www.pdsoros.org/competition/   Spencer Foundation/National Academy of Education - Dissertation Fellowship Program Deadline: October  The Spencer Fellowship Program, administered by the National Academy of Education (NAEd), encourages a new generation of scholars from a wide range of disciplines to undertake research relevant to the improvement of education. These nine-month dissertation-completion fellowships support individuals whose dissertations show potential for bringing fresh and constructive perspectives to the history, theory, or practice of formal or informal education anywhere in the world. URL: http://www.naeducation.org/NAED_080200.html   Study Foundation of the Berlin House of Representatives - Predoctoral and Postdoctoral Scholarships for Study of Berlin Deadline: December  The Foundation of the Berlin House of Representatives sponsors research projects that deal with Berlin, with German topics and international issues, or with topics that require resources from Berlin research institutions. Its further aim is that scholarship holders get to know the culture, lifestyle, and inhabitants of the city. The scholarship duration is 12 months. URL: http://www.parlament-berlin.de/       T Back to top  Taiwan Ministry of Education - Taiwan Scholarships & Huayu Enrichment Course Awards Campus Deadline: March  The Taiwanese Ministry of Education offers two types of awards for non-Taiwanese students wishing to study in Taiwan. The Taiwan scholarship supports students wishing to pursue undergraduate or graduate studies in Taiwan. The maximum award period is two years for master's programs and four years for doctorate programs. The Huayu Awards are intended to encourage students to undertake short term research or Huayu courses in Taiwan to increase their understanding of Taiwanese culture and society. Huayu enrichment courses will include summer classes, along with short term classes, which may last 3, 6, 9 or 12 months. URL: http://www.edutw.org/english/scholarships/   ThinkSwiss Scholarships for Research in Switzerland Deadline: Varies  ThinkSwiss offers several scholarships for a research stay in Switzerland. The scholarships are open to students of all fields. ThinkSwiss offers scholarships to support a 1-3 month research stay at a public Swiss university for highly motivated and qualified U.S. graduate and undergraduate students. URL: http://www.thinkswiss.org/         U Back to top  UCLA Center for 17th & 18th Century Studies - Predoctoral & Postdoctoral Fellowships Deadline: February  The Center for 17th & 18th Century Studies, a member of the UCLA Humanities Consortium, provides a forum for the discussion of central issues in the field of seventeenth- and eighteenth-century studies. It organizes academic programs, bringing together scholars from the area, the nation, and the world, with the goal of encouraging research in the period from 1600 to 1800. The Center provides several predoctoral and postdoctoral fellowships. Please refer to the website for more specific information on these fellowships and eligibility. URL: http://www.c1718cs.ucla.edu/   University of British Columbia - Killam Postdoctoral Fellowships Deadline: Varies according to department  The primary purpose of the Killam Fellowships is to support advanced education and research at five Canadian universities and the Canada Council for the Arts. The fellowships are available in most fields of research, and are awarded for a maximum of two years, subject to review at the end of the first year. Fellowships are tenable only at UBC, and fellows are expected to make the UBC campus their base while holding the fellowship, apart from necessary research trips (no more than three months in each year of the fellowship). URL: http://www.grad.ubc.ca/awards/killam-postdoctoral-research-fellowship     University of California / University of Michigan - President's & Chancellor's Postdoctoral Fellowships for Faculty Diversity Deadline: November  The University of California and the University of Michigan join in a collaborative partnership to support new scholars interested in faculty careers who will contribute to diversity and equal opportunity in higher education through their teaching, research and service. This partnership aligns programs at the ten-campus University of California system and the University of Michigan to offer postdoctoral research fellowships, coupled with faculty mentoring, professional development and academic networking opportunities. The programs are particularly interested in supporting scholars with the potential to bring to their academic careers the critical perspective that comes from their non-traditional educational background or understanding of the experiences of groups historically underrepresented in higher education. The University Partnerships for Faculty Diversity fellowship programs share common goals and resources, but the programs may differ in their scope and requirements each year. Please visit the websites below for more information. URL: http://ppfp.ucop.edu/info/   University of Edinburgh - Institute for Advanced Studies in the Humanities - Postdoctoral Fellowship Deadline: June  Applications are invited from fellowship candidates in any area of the Humanities and Social Sciences whose work falls within the scope of one of the Institute for Advanced Studies' current Research Themes and/or across disciplinary boundaries in the Humanities (see: http://www.iash.ed.ac.uk/themes.html). The duration of these fellowships is three to nine months. URL: http://www.iash.ed.ac.uk/bursaries.html     University of Edinburgh - Institute for Advanced Studies in the Humanities - Visiting Research Fellowships Deadline: February The Institute for Advanced Studies in the Humanities offers Visiting Research Fellowships for 2-6 months, tenable in the period: June-September 2014. Fellows are expected to be resident in Edinburgh throughout the tenure of their Fellowship and to play a full part in the activities of the Institute. URL: http://www.iash.ed.ac.uk/visiting.fellowships.html   University of London School of Advanced Study: Warburg Institute - Dissertation and Postdoctoral Fellowships Deadline: November  The Warburg Institute at London University' School of Advanced Study is dedicated to the interdisciplinary study of the classical tradition - in the sense of those elements in European thought, art and institutions that have evolved out of the cultures of the ancient world. Its Library and Photographic Collection are designed and arranged to encourage research into the processes by which one culture learns from another and by which different fields of thought and art act on each other. They are particularly concerned with continuities between the ancient Mediterranean civilizations and the cultural and intellectual history of post-classical Europe, especially in the period to c. 1800. The Institute offers a number of short-term Fellowships of two, three or four months. URL: http://warburg.sas.ac.uk/fellowships/short-term/   University of Michigan - Society of Fellows - Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities, Arts, Sciences, and Professions Deadline: October  The Society of Fellows provides financial and intellectual support for individuals holding advanced degrees in their fields who are selected for their outstanding achievement, professional promise, and interdisciplinary interests. Eight three-year fellowships are available at the University of Michigan beginning September 1, 2013. Fellows are appointed as Assistant Professors or Research Scientists in appropriate departments and as Postdoctoral Scholars in the Michigan Society of Fellows. They are expected to be in residence in Ann Arbor during the academic years of the fellowship, to teach for the equivalent of one academic year, to participate in the informal intellectual life of the Society, and to devote time to their independent research or artistic projects. This is not an artist-in-residence program but rather an opportunity to develop one\u2019s work in conversation with fellows from a range of disciplines during the three years of the fellowship. URL: http://www.rackham.umich.edu/faculty_staff/sof/   University of Pennsylvania - Penn Predoctoral Fellowships for Excellence Through Diversity Deadline: March  The Penn Predoctoral Fellowships for Excellence through Diversity program is designed to provide mentorship and access to Penn\u2019s resources for doctoral students in the humanities or social sciences, enrolled at universities other than Penn, as they complete their dissertations. It supports scholars from a wide range of backgrounds, who can contribute to the diversity of Penn and the higher education community. The Fellowships support graduate students in the final stages of dissertation research or writing for residency at Penn for an academic year, normally September through August. They offer an opportunity for scholars who plan an academic career to take advantage of Penn programs and faculty expertise and to have access to libraries and the resources of the Philadelphia region. Each scholar will be hosted by a department or program and assigned a faculty mentor. Recipients can be in the stage of either dissertation research or writing. URL: http://www.upenn.edu/provost/diversity/   University of Pittsburgh - Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities & Social Sciences Deadline: March  The University of Pittsburgh Kenneth P. Dietrich School of Arts and Sciences offers postdoctoral fellowships in the humanities and social sciences. Applicants with projects that engage the concept or practice of comparison - across time, space, language, genre, discipline or other category - are of special interest. Fellows will teach one course each semester, complete scholarly work, and participate in the academic and intellectual communities of the departments with which they are affiliated and across the Dietrich School of Arts and Sciences. This one-year fellowship may be renewed for an additional year. URL: http://www.as.pitt.edu/postdoctoral-fellowship-program   University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee - Center for 21st Century Studies (C21) - Postdoctoral Fellowships Deadline: March  C21 at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee offers fellowships that focus on the intersection of the humanities, arts, and sciences (social and natural) with issues of compelling concern. C21 organizes its research and public programs around themes that change periodically. Each year C21 constitutes a group of six to eight UWM faculty fellows, and at least one UW System fellow, whose research interests relate to the theme. Nationally and internationally known scholars are brought to campus to address the topic of the year\u2019s research in seminars, lectures and conferences. URL: http://www4.uwm.edu/c21/pdfs/provost_call/Call%20for%20provost%20fellow%...     V Back to top  Valparaiso University - Lilly Postdoctoral Fellowships in the Humanities and Arts Deadline: November  The Lilly Fellows Program offers residential two-year postdoctoral teacher/scholar fellowships at Valparaiso University for teacher-scholars who seek to renew and enrich their intellectual and spiritual lives while preparing for leadership roles in teaching and administration in Catholic or Protestant institutions of higher education. Fellows are selected from applicants who evince an interest in the relationship between Christianity and the academic vocation and are considering a career at church-related colleges or universities. Fellows are in residence at Valparaiso University in Valparaiso, Indiana. URL: http://lillyfellows.org/PostDoctoralFellowsProgram.aspx     Virginia Foundation for the Humanities - Resident Fellows Program Deadline: December  The Virginia Foundation for the Humanities offers residential fellowships to scholars and writers in the humanities. We seek applications that are intellectually stimulating, imaginative, and accessible to the public. There are no restrictions on topic, and applications are invited from across the broad spectrum of the humanities. All applicants are considered for our two endowed fellowships. The following fellowships are offered. There is no need to apply for these fellowships specifically. However, proposals that address their criteria are welcomed. URL: http://www.virginiafoundation.org/research/fellowships/index.html     W Back to top      X Back to top      Y Back to top  Yale Institute of Sacred Music - Postdoctoral Fellowship Deadline: October  The Yale Institute of Sacred Music seeks a group of Fellows from around the world to join its community of scholars and practitioners for one year. Scholars, religious leaders, or artists whose work is in or is turning toward the fields of sacred music, liturgical/ritual studies, or religion and the arts are invited to apply. Scholars in the humanities or in the social or natural sciences whose work is directly related to these areas are also encouraged to apply. URL: http://www.yale.edu/ism/fellows/index.html       Z Back to top  Zeta Phi Beta Sorority National Educational Foundation - Fellowships Deadline: February  The Zeta Phi Beta Sorority National Educational Foundation offers general graduate fellowships and specific graduate fellowship awards to both members and non-members. General Graduate Fellowships are available to graduate women working on a professional degree, master's, doctoral or enrolled in postdoctoral study. They are awarded for full-time study for one academic year (Fall-Spring), and the maximum amount is $2,500 per year. URL: http://www.zphib1920.org/nef/                               Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3721 colleen.conlon@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.