(S'http://catalog.unt.edu/content.php?catoid=13&navoid=968'
p1
V   College of Music - University of North Texas - Acalog ACMS\u2122                       Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.  Different browsers use different keystrokes to activate accesskey shortcuts. Please reference the following list to use access keys on your system.  Alt and the accesskey, for Internet Explorer on Windows Shift and Alt and the accesskey, for Firefox on Windows Shift and Esc and the accesskey, for Windows or Mac Ctrl and the accesskey, for the following browsers on a Mac: Internet Explorer 5.2, Safari 1.2, Firefox, Mozilla, Netscape 6+.  We use the following access keys on our gateway  n Skip to Navigation k Accesskeys description h Help                                                                      Search the UNT web site:              Search the UNT web site  Search the UNT web site:      En Español   MyUNT   EagleConnect   Blackboard   People   Maps   Calendars   Apply Now                                                                        Visit Us                        University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277                             Denton, Texas 76203-5017 [map] | Tour Information                                Email Us                         Freshmen admissions   Transfer admissions   Graduate admissions   International admissions   Housing information                                 Contact Us                        940-565-2000 University Directory   For questions about content in this web site, contact catalog@unt.edu.            Disclaimer  |  AA/EOE/ADA  |  Privacy  |   Electronic Accessibility  |  State of Texas Online  |  Emergency Preparedness  |  THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information  |  UNT Compliance Hotline  |  Governors Committee on People with Disabilities  |  Texas Veterans Portal  |  UNT Home                                University of North Texas                 May 06, 2017         2015-2016 Undergraduate Catalog        2017-2018 Undergraduate Catalog 2016-2017 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2016-2017 Graduate Catalog 2015-2016 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2015-2016 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]                                                       Catalog Search   Select an option Courses Programs Academic Units Other Content Entire Catalog     Whole Word/Phrase Advanced Search                Catalog Home       Majors, minors, certificates    Course descriptions        The university    2015-2016 Academic calendar    Admission    Academics    University Core Curriculum    Enrollment    Financial information    Campus resources    Policies    Contacts at UNT        Degree programs listed by academic unit        Honors College    College of Arts and Sciences    College of Business    College of Education    College of Engineering    College of Information    Frank W. and Sue Mayborn School of Journalism    College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism    College of Music    College of Public Affairs and Community Service    College of Visual Arts and Design    Toulouse Graduate School        Administration, faculty and librarians        Accrediting institutions        Campus maps    Request information or schedule a tour    Archived catalogs 1995-96 to 2010-11    Catalog .pdf        TCCNS chart                 My Catalog                  HELP 2015-2016 Undergraduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]           College of Music          Print-Friendly Page Add to My Catalog             Main Office Music Building, Room 247 Mailing address: 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton, TX 76203-5017 940-565-2791 Fax: 940-565-2002 Web site: www.music.unt.edu James C. Scott, Dean Warren H. Henry, Associate Dean for Academic Affairs John C. Scott, Associate Dean for Admissions Jon C. Nelson, Associate Dean for Operations Raymond Rowell, Assistant Dean for Scholarships and External Affairs Joseph Klein, Chair, Division of Composition Studies Richard Sparks, Chair, Division of Conducting and Ensembles John Holt, Chair, Division of Instrumental Studies John Murphy, Chair, Division of Jazz Studies Steven Harlos, Chair, Division of Keyboard Studies Debbie Rohwer, Chair, Division of Music Education Frank Heidlberger, Chair, Division of Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology Stephen Austin, Chair, Division of Vocal Studies Jaymee Haefner, Director of Undergraduate Studies Office of Undergraduate Advising Chilton Hall, Room 211 and Music Building, Room 268 940-369-5978 Benjamin Brand, Director of Graduate Studies Office of Graduate Studies in Music Chilton Hall, Room 211 940-565-3721 Faculty     The College of Music, among the largest in the nation, offers a comprehensive musical environment and unlimited opportunities for the pursuit of excellence in the musical arts for talented and dedicated musicians. The breadth of the musical experience includes the study and performance of the extended gamut of Western art music, the music of global cultures, and the creative contributions of contemporary jazz and electronic/experimental media. The depth of the instruction is provided by a faculty of internationally acclaimed performers, composers, scholars, and educators who are able to share their knowledge, skills and insights with the next generation of musicians, from the baccalaureate to the doctoral and artist levels. The entire program is enhanced by the holdings of the UNT Music Library, the largest and most comprehensive collection among universities in the South and Southwest. Graduates of the College of Music hold positions of leadership and influence throughout the nation in the areas of concert, opera, symphony and jazz performance, in higher education and scholarship, and in public school music education. The College of Music, with its wealth of campus concert experiences and varied instructional programs, is a unique asset in the cultural and intellectual life of the university community; in turn, its effectiveness is enhanced by being part of a large, comprehensive university. The College of Music is accredited by the National Association of Schools of Music (11250 Roger Bacon Drive, Suite 21, Reston, VA 20190; 703-437-0700). Mission The mission of the College of Music is to:  Provide a dynamic learning environment for both future professionals and the broader university community in which each student's fullest musical potential may be achieved; Promote the highest standards of excellence and generate the most significant professional impact in all areas of scholarly and artistic activity; Support new music and new collaborations between music and related disciplines, and cultivate new approaches to scholarship, performance and education; and Affirm the fundamental value of music in educational settings and in society at large, going beyond advocacy to enhance the musical life of the community, the Metroplex, and the region.  Admission requirements Freshman and transfer admission Admission to the College of Music is contingent on clear admission to the university. Those students who intend to be music majors must qualify by audition on their principal instrument or voice. Preference will be given to applications received by December 1 for fall admission. For additional procedures and opportunities, please contact the College of Music at collegeofmusic@unt.edu. Repertoire Audition repertoire requirements for all instruments can be found on our web site at music.unt.edu/comp/admissions/undergraduate-repertoire. Transfer applicants for composition must also submit a composition portfolio at music.unt.edu/comp/admissions/undergraduate. Prospective students unable to audition in person may submit a recording representative of their performance abilities. After passing an audition and being accepted, students planning to major in composition may begin the undergraduate program through open enrollment in Beginning Composition I (see "Supplemental Information for the Bachelor of Music with a Major in Composition "). At Freshman Orientation, students will take placement examinations in piano. Transfer students will take similar examinations at Transfer Orientation. Scholarships In addition to UNT scholarships, College of Music scholarships and service awards are available for study in all of the college's programs. All prospective students who apply and audition for admission to the College of Music are considered for scholarship, based on their audition.  Scholarship recipients are required to enroll full-time, maintain minimum academic grade requirements and perform in appropriate music laboratories and ensembles as assigned. For information, audition dates and step by step instructions on how to apply to UNT and the College of Music, visit our web site at music.unt.edu/admissions/undergraduate-how-to-apply. General requirements for majors Music fees Music fees are charged for private music lessons, practice on university instruments, instrument rental (only a limited number of instruments are available for rental), practice rooms and lockers. Music course fees average approximately $55 per course. Total music course fees per semester will average approximately $450 for undergraduate students. For specific fees, check essc.unt.edu/saucs. All fees must be paid before instruction is given or use of facilities is permitted. Applied music Study in applied music (private lessons) is identified by the categories major, concentration or secondary. The type and amount of applied study is specified in the student's degree plan. Applied major \u2014 study of the student's principal instrument (or voice) toward a degree in performance. Concentration \u2014 applied music study of the student's principal instrument (or voice) toward a degree other than in performance. Secondary \u2014 study of an instrument or voice in addition to the major or concentration. Upper Division Examination The Upper Division Examination is administered to all music majors at the conclusion of the fourth consecutive long term/semester of study at the MUAM or MUAC 1500 level. It will be given during pre-finals week in place of the Jury Examination by the appropriate faculty, i.e., the area of declared applied major or concentration. The Upper Division Examination determines admission and continuation in applied study at the MUAM or MUAC 3500 level. Guitarists who major in jazz studies will take the Upper Division Examination on jazz guitar. Juries During each term/semester of required applied study, the student must pass performance examination(s) before a jury composed of faculty members. Jury requirements are available on request from the music office (please specify major, concentration or secondary, and particular performance medium \u2014 voice, trumpet, etc.). Concert/recital attendance Each student with a major in music is expected to attend a variety of concerts and recitals in addition to required departmental recitals as a graduation requirement. Music history and theory lecture series attendance As a graduation requirement, each undergraduate student with a declared major in music theory (BM) or a declared emphasis in music history (BA) is expected to attend all lectures presented in the division of music history, theory and ethnomusicology lecture series during each long term/semester of full-time enrollment (12 hours). Music laboratories Music laboratories are an integral part of the college. Each Bachelor of Music student must enroll in a laboratory each long term/semester. Exceptions require final approval from the associate dean for academic affairs. A minimum of eight terms/semesters is required for the Bachelor of Music degree, except the BM in general, choral and instrumental music (teacher certification), which requires a minimum of seven terms/semesters. Six terms/semesters are required for the Bachelor of Arts degree. Laboratories are a cappella choir, concert choir, University Singers, men's chorus, women's chorus, symphony orchestra, concert orchestra, wind symphony, symphonic band, concert band, marching band, brass band, lab bands, jazz guitar lab, jazz repertory ensemble, Latin jazz lab, jazz keyboard laboratory, jazz singers and accompanying. Auditions are held at the beginning of the term/semester and are prerequisite for admission to the laboratory; the needs of the ensemble and students' preferences are considered. A Cappella Choir \u2014 organized in 1938; composed of 45 voices; has made more than 700 appearances, including annual tours, and television and radio broadcasts; yearly performances with major symphony orchestras; professional recordings; two European tours sponsored by the State Department. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Concert Choir \u2014 organized in 1940; major performing ensemble of about 50 mixed voices; membership may be shifted from one choir to another. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. University Singers \u2014 composed of 50-70 voices selected primarily from undergraduate students. Repertoire includes selections from a broad range of vocal literature. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Men's Chorus \u2014 subsidiary organization of the a cappella and concert choirs; membership may be shifted from one choir to another. Gives several concerts a year. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Women's Chorus \u2014 subsidiary organization of the a cappella and concert choirs; membership may be shifted from one choir to another. Gives several concerts a year. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Symphony Orchestra \u2014 composed of about 105 musicians; has appeared at state, regional and national music conventions; programs include standard symphonic works and premieres of contemporary compositions; presents at least eight campus concerts per year. Rehearsals: 6 hours a week. Concert Orchestra \u2014 subsidiary organization of the Symphony Orchestra; membership may be shifted from one orchestra to another. Gives several concerts a year. Rehearsals: 6 hours a week. Wind Symphony \u2014 study and performance of traditional and contemporary band literature, requiring an advanced level of performance ability. Appears by invitation at state, regional and national conventions; annual spring tour. Rehearsals: 6 hours a week. Symphonic Band \u2014 study and performance of repertoire for the wind band. Public concerts each term/semester. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Concert Band \u2014 study and performance of standard band repertoire. Public concerts each term/semester. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Marching Band \u2014 offered fall term/semester only. Open to all students within the university who have had high school band experience. Study and performance of the fundamentals of drill and pageantry at athletic events. Rehearsals: 6 hours a week. Lab Bands \u2014 19-piece jazz ensembles. Open to all university students by audition. Study and performance of traditional and progressive repertoire. Public concerts each term/semester. One O'Clock Lab Band has won numerous awards and has received Grammy nominations; toured Mexico, Europe, the former USSR and Australia. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Jazz Guitar Laboratory \u2014 composed of 15 electric guitarists, bass and drums. Open to all by audition. The music performed is a combination of big band literature and original music, which provide the student with an opportunity to develop reading skills and section playing. Public concerts each term/semester. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Jazz Repertory Ensemble \u2014 a history-based learning and performing group dedicated to the collection, study, preservation, and re-creation of classic music from the entire history of jazz. The ensemble ranges in number from 15 to 20 students. The group is committed to playing only authentic compositions and arrangements or recreations of classic recorded performances by such jazz legends as Fletcher Henderson, Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman, Woody Herman, Gil Evans and Charles Mingus. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Latin Jazz Laboratory \u2014 this ensemble ventures into musical fusions between Latin American rhythmic expressions and American Jazz compositional/improvisational forms. Open to all by audition with priority given to jazz studies majors. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Jazz Keyboard Laboratory \u2014 the repertoire is devoted primarily to electronic idioms and the reading of notated melodic passages as well as chord symbols. Open to all by audition. Good acoustic piano technique and improvisational skills are required. Rehearsals: 4 hours a week. Jazz Singers Laboratory \u2014 mixed voices and rhythm, composed of 15 to 20 musicians. Open by audition; required of vocal jazz majors. Jazz Singers I has appeared at numerous international conventions and records annually. Accompanying \u2014 for students majoring in piano and for students with piano concentrations who desire proficiency in reading and accompanying. Chamber music Chamber music coaching is offered under course numbers MUCM 3510 /MUCM 5510, MUCM 3520 /MUCM 5520, MUCM 3530 /MUCM 5530, MUCM 3540 /MUCM 5540 and MUCM 3550 /MUCM 5550. Small groups include string quartets, strings with piano, woodwind and brass quintets, saxophone quartets and jazz groups. Ensembles A variety of conducted ensembles is offered under course numbers MUEN 2602 /MUEN 5602, MUEN 2605 /MUEN 5605, MUEN 2611 /MUEN 5611, MUCM 3617 /MUEN 5617, MUEN 2621 /MUEN 5621, MUEN 2624 /MUEN 5624, MUEN 2625 /MUEN 5625, MUCM 3630 /MUEN 5630 and MUEN 4585 /MUEN 5585. Many groups perform publicly, appear at conventions and tour extensively. Ensembles include brass choir, trumpet choir, horn choir, trombone choir, tuba-euphonium ensemble, wind ensemble, collegium musicum, percussion ensemble and marimba ensemble, steel drum band, African ensemble, gamelan ensemble, flute choir, jazz ensembles, strings, classical guitar and electric guitar, NOVA ensemble and harp ensemble. Opera Theatre The UNT Opera Theatre presents at least one fully mounted major operatic production each year, accompanied by orchestra, with scenery, costumes and lighting. Auditions are open to all students. Those chosen for solo roles should be currently enrolled in opera theatre courses or have been enrolled previously. Voice majors take MUEN 3040 - Opera Theatre , as part of their degree requirements. Music achievement examinations Students must pass all required achievement examinations before applying for graduation. Upper Division Examination \u2014 The Upper Division Examination is administered to all music majors at the conclusion of the fourth consecutive long term/semester of study at the MUAM or MUAC 1500 level. It will be given during pre-finals week in place of the Jury Examination by the appropriate faculty, i.e., the area of declared applied major or concentration. The Upper Division Examination determines admission and continuation in applied study at the MUAM or MUAC 3500 level. Guitarists who major in jazz studies will take the Upper Division Examination on jazz guitar. Piano Proficiency Examination \u2014 This examination is required of all students majoring in music. To prepare for this examination, all non-keyboard majors must enroll in secondary piano \u2014 MUAG 1011 , MUAG 1012 , MUAG 1013 , MUAG 1014 , or MUAS 1501  \u2014 each long term/semester until the proficiency is passed. A list of examination requirements for non-keyboard majors is available from the music office. Keyboard majors and concentrations should consult the keyboard division for departmental requirements. Voice Proficiency Examination \u2014 If noted on the degree plan, the student must demonstrate knowledge of breath control, principles of enunciation and pronunciation in singing and tone placement, and essentials in interpretation. Examination compositions are chosen by faculty. Instrumental Proficiency Examination \u2014 This proficiency examination is for the student whose course outline requires brass, woodwinds, strings and/or percussion class. A working knowledge of all instruments is required. Theory Proficiency Examination \u2014 This examination must be passed by each student majoring in music (BM and BA); it covers part writing and ear training. Concentration Proficiency Examination \u2014 This examination must be passed for each concentration (all majors except performance and jazz studies); it covers applied music requirements through the third year of study. Conducting Proficiency Examination \u2014 This examination is required for students who major in general, choral and instrumental music and who transfer conducting course work from another institution. It must be passed prior to student teaching. Jazz Studies Continuation Examination \u2014 This examination is required for all jazz majors. It must be passed prior to enrolling in upper-level courses (MUJS 3360 , MUJS 3370 , MUJS 4610 , MUJS 4620  or MUJS 4470 ). Jazz Studies Applied Concentration Examination \u2014 This examination must be passed by each student majoring in jazz studies. Performance and Vocal Emphasis students must pass this exam before a senior recital is allowed. Jazz Arranging Proficiency Examination \u2014 This examination must be passed by each student majoring in jazz with an emphasis of jazz arranging before a senior recital is allowed. Music education student review This examination is required for a major in general, choral and instrumental music. It must be passed prior to student teaching. Academic advising Information about academic matters is available in the main office, from the division chairs for the various degree programs and performing instruments, and from the degree program advisors (Chilton Hall, Room 211). For further information, see the College of Music Handbook or visit www.music.unt.edu/advising. Degree plan The degree plan is an official document that lists courses completed, courses to be completed, proficiency examinations and all other requirements for a particular degree program. Each student makes a degree plan in conference with a designated music advisor. The degree plan should be made by the end of the sophomore year. Transfer students should have degree plans made during their first term/semester at UNT. Degree requirements and the University Core Curriculum Occasionally a course required for a degree may also satisfy a requirement of the University Core Curriculum. In addition to taking the required course, a student may elect to take a different course from among those available to fulfill that core requirement; doing so, however, may add to the total number of hours required for the degree. Students who have questions regarding degree requirements and core requirements should consult a degree program advisor. Bachelor of Music This degree may be earned with a major in (1) performance; (2) general, choral and instrumental music; (3) composition; (4) music theory; or (5) jazz studies. The student who majors in performance may choose piano (performance), piano (pedagogy), organ (performance), organ (church music), harpsichord, voice or an orchestral instrument. Additional choices include classical guitar and multiple woodwinds. Each student should secure from the music office or advisor the eight-term/semester outline for the chosen major. Instruction in each area is designed to train students for public performance and teaching in schools or private studios, to prepare them for passing barrier examinations, to develop them culturally, to develop musicianship and technical proficiency, to strengthen sight-reading and the ability to assimilate music without guidance, and to prepare them for participation in church services, orchestras, ensemble groups or graduate work. The curriculum for general, choral and instrumental music majors also leads to teacher certification by the State of Texas. Instruction is given in both group and individual settings. Degree requirements Candidates for the Bachelor of Music must meet the following requirements.  Hours required and general/college requirements: Completion of a minimum of 121\u2013134 total semester hours (depending on major, see below); 31 hours must be completed at UNT; 42 hours must be advanced (24 of which must be taken at UNT). Fulfillment of degree requirements for the Bachelor of Music degree as specified in the "University Core Curriculum " in the Academics section of this catalog and the College of Music requirements. Major requirements: Major of 32\u201366 hours in music in a prescribed field, depending on the program. See specific degree for exact hours. Other course requirements: See individual major below. Minor: Minor of 18 hours minimum, 6 of which must be advanced. See specific degree plan for required minor below. Electives:  See individual major. Other requirements:  Theory Proficiency Examination. Piano Proficiency Examination. Other proficiency examinations as required in specific programs. See individual major. Participation in a music laboratory (MULB) each long term/semester with a minimum of eight terms/semesters, except the BM with a major in general, choral and instrumental music (teacher certification), which requires a minimum of seven terms/semesters.    General academic requirements  Completion of University Core Curriculum (42 hours). See "University Core Curriculum Requirements " in the Academics section of this catalog. Some courses required on degree plans may be used to fulfill requirements under the Creative Arts, Language, Philosophy and Culture, Discovery and Capstone categories of the core. Completion of College of Music Core Curriculum (50 hours): music theory, 14 hours; music history and literature, 12 hours; music laboratory each long term/semester (a minimum of 8 hours); concentration or major instrument, 12 hours; secondary instrument, 2 hours; conducting, 2 hours. Completion of major program requirements and electives, for a total of 121\u2013134 hours.  General academic requirements for all music majors include completion of courses in the University Core Curriculum. Consult the degree outlines for the various programs and the list of courses to satisfy University Core Curriculum Requirements available from the degree program advisor. Majors in general, choral and instrumental music also must satisfy specific Teacher Certification course requirements, most of which are included in the University Core Curriculum (consult the degree outline). In addition to developmental reading, music theory, music history and literature, performance, conducting, and music laboratory requirements, a general, choral and instrumental music major must complete 18 hours of professional education that include 6 hours of music education courses to complete the course requirement of 129 hours. Teacher certification Requirements for all-level music certification are included in the requirements for the BM with a major in general, choral and instrumental music. Consult the College of Music and the College of Education  for further requirements. Bachelor of Arts Students completing the Bachelor of Arts degree with a major in music will have developed a strong understanding of music history, literature, and theory. Musicianship skills will be developed to a level commensurate with a liberal arts degree. The curriculum can serve as a basis for advanced degrees in non-performance areas of music. This degree may be earned with an emphasis in (1) general music or (2) music history and literature. Degree requirements Candidates for the Bachelor of Arts with a major in music must meet the following requirements.  Hours required and general/college requirements: Completion of a minimum of 120 total semester hours, of which 42 must be advanced, and fulfillment of degree requirements for the Bachelor of Arts degree as specified in the "General University Requirements " in the Academics section of this catalog and the College of Music requirements. Major requirements: Major of 51 hours in music, depending on the program. See specific degree for exact hours. Other course requirements: See individual major. Minor: Optional. Electives:  See individual major. Other requirements:  Theory Proficiency Examination. Piano Proficiency Examination. Computer Proficiency Examination. Successful completion of Upper Division Examination in applied lessons (MUAC).    General academic requirements  Completion of University Core Curriculum (42 hours). See "University Core Curriculum Requirements " in the Academics section of this catalog. Some courses required on degree plans may be used to fulfill requirements under the Creative Arts, Life and Physical Sciences, Discovery and Capstone categories of the core. For the emphasis in music history and literature, students must complete all music history credits with no grade lower than B.  Academic Review and Dismissal Policy Transcripts of music majors (BM and BA) will be reviewed in the freshman and sophomore years. Students who have received three or more grades of D, F or WF in any courses during their studies at UNT will be notified of insufficient academic progress. Students who continue to show insufficient academic progress in subsequent semesters will be dismissed from the College of Music. In most cases, students who are placed on university academic probation or suspension will be removed from the UNT College of Music. Students may appeal this decision by contacting the College of Music Dean for Academic Affairs. Accepted music majors who are classified as music undecided (MUND) must officially declare a major before registering for their fourth long semester at UNT. Failure to meet this requirement may result in dismissal from the College of Music. MUND students are required to meet with a music advisor each long semester. Professional Expectation Policy The UNT College of Music expects music majors (BM and BA) to be committed to their degree and follow the UNT Code of Student Conduct. Students shall exhibit professional behavior at all times, which includes (but is not limited to): class attendance, meeting attendance (including seminars, masterclasses, and departmentals), and respectful interactions with all members of the UNT community. Students are also expected to adhere to professional standards as outlined in division/area handbooks. In cases where there is substantial evidence of unprofessional behavior, students will be removed from the UNT College of Music. Students may appeal this decision by contacting the College of Music Dean for Academic Affairs. Center for Experimental Music and Intermedia The Center for Experimental Music and Intermedia (CEMI) provides extensive instructional, research, and performance facilities for composers, researchers, and presenters of computer music and intermedia compositions. It also presents the annual CEMI Event Series featuring computer music and intermedia works created at the University of North Texas and elsewhere, and supports an ongoing program of professional composer residencies. The advanced studio facilities of the division of composition studies are utilized for electroacoustic composition, software synthesis, algorithmic composition, intermedia composition, MIDI applications, computer music notation, digital sampling and resynthesis, and other computer music applications.    Majors  \u2022  Composition, BM \u2022  General, Choral and Instrumental Music (teacher certification), BM \u2022  Jazz Studies (instrumental, arranging or vocal emphasis), BM \u2022  Music Theory, BM \u2022  Music with an emphasis in Music History and Literature, BA \u2022  Music, BA \u2022  Performance (specialization: Harpsichord), BM \u2022  Performance (specialization: Orchestral Instruments - Multiple Woodwinds), BM \u2022  Performance (specialization: Orchestral Instruments), BM \u2022  Performance (specialization: Organ), BM \u2022  Performance (specialization: Organ, Church Music Emphasis), BM \u2022  Performance (specialization: Piano Pedagogy), BM \u2022  Performance (specialization: Piano), BM \u2022  Performance (specialization: Voice), BM   Minors  \u2022  Music minor      Display courses for College of Music.  Other Courses       Back to Top | Print-Friendly Page Add to My Catalog               All catalogs © 2017 University of North Texas. Powered by the Acalog\u2122 Academic Catalog Management System\u2122 (ACMS\u2122).   Mobile Site.     
p2
t.