(S'http://tsgs.unt.edu/new-current-students/course-load-exception-request'
p1
V          Course Load Exception Request   | Toulouse Graduate School                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home For Future Students »  For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors   For New & Current Students »  For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ   For Faculty & Staff »  For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs   For Alumni & Friends »  For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook   People Contact Us   For New and Current Students » Graduate Student Orientation Assistantship Benefits and Teaching Resources Theses and Dissertations »  Theses and Dissertations Thesis Manual & Submission Guides   Writing Resources Graduate Student Support Services and Workshops Graduation Information Forms Travel Grants Milestones for Graduate Students Academic Resources Federation of North Texas Area Universities »  Federation of North Texas Area Universities Registration Information   Career Services FAQ           Search form  Search the UNT web site:                   Toulouse Graduate School         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                        Toulouse Graduate School                                   Home                           For Future Students                                 Graduate Admissions                           Tuition and Fees                           Funding Your Graduate Education                           Graduate Catalog                           Graduate Academic Advisors                     Programs  UNT offers 82 master\u2019s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs              More Info  Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info              International  Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info                           For New & Current Students                                 Orientation                           Theses and Dissertations                           Writing Resources                           Forms                           Travel Grants                           Cross Registration                           Graduate Milestones                           Graduate Student Council                           FAQ                     Support  As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services              Graduation  You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation              Teaching  UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR.  More Resources                           For Faculty & Staff                                 Robert B Toulouse Fellowship                           McNair Scholars Fellowship                           Graduate Faculty Nominations                           Developing & Revising Programs                     Forms  Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms              Defense Notices  If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification              Resources  Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources                           For Alumni & Friends                                 inCircle                           Twitter                           North Texan                           LinkedIn                           Facebook                     UNT Alumni  The Alumni Association engages the institution\u2019s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association              Spotlights  View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School.  Alumni Success              Support  Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now                           People                           Contact Us                                 In the New & Current Students Section...Graduate Student OrientationAssistantship Benefits and Teaching ResourcesTheses and Dissertations - Thesis Manual & Submission GuidesWriting ResourcesGraduate Student Support Services and WorkshopsGraduation InformationFormsTravel GrantsMilestones for Graduate StudentsAcademic ResourcesFederation of North Texas Area Universities - Registration InformationCareer ServicesFAQ            Course Load Exception Request   The institutional requirement for a minimal load of academic work for graduate assistantships in any long semester is 9 semester credit hours (SCHs) of graduate courses, and the total combined load of course enrollment and teaching or research assignment may not exceed the equivalent of 18 semester credit hours in any long semester. If you need to take less than 9 hours or more than 12 hours, please submit a Course Load Exception Request form.This form applies for the following students only:Students on a Graduate School scholarship or fellowshipStudents working in a department as a TA, TF, RA or GSAIf you are not working in an assistantship position, or if you have a scholarship through another department, you do not need to submit this form. For scholarships offered by another department or Financial Aid, please contact the awarding department directly.International StudentsIf you are an international student seeking a reduced course load, you may need to submit an additional Graduate Student Full Time Enrollment Exemption form for visa purposes.Reductions and TaxesStudents seeking a reduction should note that while they are taking a full-time load, Human Resources waives FICA taxes on their paychecks. If you are planning on enrolling in less than 9 graduate hours, you may be charged these taxes, and so your net pay will be reduced. Please contact the HR Payroll department at 1-855-878-7650 for more details.Federal Financial Aid RequirementsFederal financial aid requirements will always require a minimum of half-time enrollment in order for you to receive aid (grants, loans, etc.). Half-time enrollment for graduate students is 5 hours. You may take as few as 3 credit hours to maintain your Graduate School scholarship or fellowship, but taking less than 5 hours may affect your ability to receive other financial aid. Please contact the Financial Aid Office at 940-565-2302 for full details.Form SubmissionYou can submit the form in person, by mail or by fax to the address/number below. You may also email a scanned or electronically signed copy to Angela Millican. If you fax or mail the application, please write "Attention: Course Load Exception" on the cover sheet or envelope.Toulouse Graduate School  University of North Texas1155 Union Circle #305459 (USPS)1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx)Denton, TX 76203-5459Fax: 940-565-2141This page contains pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here.      For New and Current Students  Graduate Student Orientation Assistantship Benefits and Teaching Resources Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Graduate Student Support Services and Workshops Graduation Information Forms Travel Grants Milestones for Graduate Students Academic Resources Federation of North Texas Area Universities Career Services FAQ                          Visit Us  Eagle Student Services Center       1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas  76203-5459       Mail Us  1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017      Contact Us  940-565-2383                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links       
p2
t.