(S'http://tsgs.unt.edu/workshop-resources-0'
p1
V          Workshop Resources | Toulouse Graduate School                                           Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home For Future Students »  For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors   For New & Current Students »  For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ   For Faculty & Staff »  For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs   For Alumni & Friends »  For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook   People Contact Us   Professional Development & Support » Student Support Home Workshop Resources »  Workshop Resources Workshop Presentations Workshop Videos   Upcoming Workshops Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp 3MT® Three Minute Thesis Student Research & Fellowship Support Program  »  Student Research & Fellowship Support Program   External Grants and Fellowships             Search form  Search the UNT web site:                   Toulouse Graduate School         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                        Toulouse Graduate School                                   Home                           For Future Students                                 Graduate Admissions                           Tuition and Fees                           Funding Your Graduate Education                           Graduate Catalog                           Graduate Academic Advisors                     Programs  UNT offers 82 master\u2019s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs              More Info  Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info              International  Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info                           For New & Current Students                                 Orientation                           Theses and Dissertations                           Writing Resources                           Forms                           Travel Grants                           Cross Registration                           Graduate Milestones                           Graduate Student Council                           FAQ                     Support  As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services              Graduation  You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation              Teaching  UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR.  More Resources                           For Faculty & Staff                                 Robert B Toulouse Fellowship                           McNair Scholars Fellowship                           Graduate Faculty Nominations                           Developing & Revising Programs                     Forms  Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms              Defense Notices  If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification              Resources  Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources                           For Alumni & Friends                                 inCircle                           Twitter                           North Texan                           LinkedIn                           Facebook                     UNT Alumni  The Alumni Association engages the institution\u2019s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association              Spotlights  View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School.  Alumni Success              Support  Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now                           People                           Contact Us                                  Workshop Resources                     Workshop Category             - Any -Thesis and DissertationProfessional DevelopmentFundingOther      Sort by  Post date     Order  AscDesc             Grad Writing Workshop: Proofread Like a Pro    This workshop was presented by Allyson Jones and Julie Saffel in April 2017.Presentation (PDF)      Writing the Thesis/Dissertation Proposal: STEM    This workshop was presented by Dr. Yan Huang in March 2017.Presentation (PDF)      Grad Writing Workshop: Getting Started    This workshop was presented by Allyson Jones and Julie Saffel in March 2017.Presentation (PDF)      Sample Literature Review    This workshop was presented by Allyson Jones and Julie Saffel in February 2017.Handout (PDF)      Writing Like a Graduate Student    This workshop was presented by Allyson Jones and Erin Campbell in October 2016.Presentation (PPT)       TARDIS - The Advances in Research Design Symposium    This workshop was presented by Dr. Bradley P. Carlin in September 2016.Presentation (PDF)      Statistics Primer    This workshop was presented by The Office of Research Consulting in September 2016.Presentation (PPT)      Building an Online Academic Profile    This workshop was presented by Pamela Andrews in May 2016.Presentation (PPT)      Publishing Your Research    This workshop was presented by Dr. Gabe Ignatow in April 2016.Presentation (PPT)      Citation Styles    This workshop was presented by Julie Saffel and Allyson Jones in Feberuary 2016.Presentation (PPT)Handout (PDF)      Statistical Resources for Graduate Students    This workshop was presented by Dr. Mei Chang in February 2016.Presentation (PDF)      Success Strategies for International Students    This workshop was presented by Dr. Chetan Tiwari in February 2016.Presentation (PPT)      What Should I Expect From My Advisor?    This workshop was presented by Dr. Joseph Oppong in February 2016.Presentation (PPT)Managing Your Advisor Handout (DOCX)      Writing Like a Graduate Student    This workshop was presented by Julie Saffel and Allyson Jones in November 2015.Presentation (PPT)      Determining the Differences in Citation Styles    This workshop was presented by Julie Saffel and Allyson Jones in November 2015.Presentation (PPT)APA Format (PDF)CMS Format (PDF)MLA Format (PDF)      Copyright & Authors\u2019 Rights: Fact or Fiction?    This workshop was presented by Laura McKinnon and Laura Waugh in October 2015.Presentation (PPT)      How to get published in a research journal: Tips and tricks for successful publishing    This workshop was presented by Vicki Wetherell in October 2015.Presentation (PPT)      Writing a Literature Review: Building a Foundation for Your Research    This workshop was presented by Julie Saffel and Allyson Jones in October 2015.Presentation (PPT)Transitions (DOC)Paraphrase, Quotation, Summary, and Synthesis  (DOC)Guidelines for Writing A Literature Review (DOC)      Climbing an Iceberg: Three Steps to Graduate School Success    This workshop was presented by Gabe Ignatow in September 2015.Presentation (PPT)      TARDIS - The Advances in Research Design Symposium    This workshop was presented by Dr. Warren Thorngate in September 2015.OPA (PDF)       Your Money. Your Life.    This workshop was presented by Paul Goebel in September 2015.Presentation (PDF)      Statistical Resources    This workshop was presented by Dr. Prathiba Natesan in September 2015.Statistical Resources for Graduate Students (PPT)      Time Management    This workshop was presented by Dr. Alexandra Ponette and Dr. Matthew Fry in September 2015.The Graduate Student Toolbox: Getting Started (PPT)How to read a research article, Part I (DOCX)How to read a research article, Part II (DOCX)Sunday Meeting (PDF)The Value of 10 Minutes Writing Advice for the Time-Less Academic Vitae (PDF)      Success Strategies for International Students    This workshop was presented by Dr. Charles Blankson in September 2016.Presentation (PPT)      Securing Academic Positions at Two and Four Year Institutions    This workshop was presented in March 2015.From Application to Interview: How to Make the Cut for a campus Interview and Thrive in a New Academic EnvironmentDr. Steve Cobb, Associate Dean of College of Arts and Science, UNTDr. Larry LeFlore, Dean of Graduate School, Texas Woman\u2019s UniversityDr. Andrew Fisher, Vice President of Academic Affairs, North Central Texas CollegeDr. Christine Hubbard, President, North Texas Community College ConsortiumMastering the Interview: Expect the UnexpectedDr. Brenda Sims, Professor and Chair of Technical Communications, UNTFaculty Session A - Transitioning to Faculty Life: Survival Skills for Tenure, Promotion and AdministrationDr. Kuruvilla John, Associate Dean of Engineering, UNTCandy Center, Dean of Academic Affairs, Tarrant County CollegeFaculty Session B - From landing a Postdoc to Thriving as a Faculty MemberDr.  Brian Ayre, Associate Professor of Biology, UNTDr. Camilo Ruggero, Assistant Professor of Psychology, UNT      How to Write a Great Research Paper, and Get it Accepted by a Good Journal    This workshop was presented by Dr. Anthony Newman in October 2014.Presentation (PDF)      Making Dynamic Presentations    This workshop was presented by Dr. Brenda Sims in February 2015.Presentation (PPT)      What Is Research?    This workshop, presented by Dr. Denise Perry Simmons and Dr. Kuruvilla John on September 18, covered the scope of academic research from idea generation and conceptualization to research translation and commercialization.Presentation (PDF)      Success Strategies for Doctoral Students    This workshop, presented by Interim Associate Dean Victor Prybutok on October 6, shared helpful tips that will help graduate students become successful scholars and prepare themselves for success in the world of academia.Presentation (PDF)      Open Access and The Graduate Student: What's In It For Me?    This workshop, presented by Dr. Martin Halbert and Dr. William E Moen, discussed an introduction to Open Access in relation to UNT's scholarly publications.Presentation (PDF)      New Graduate Student Orientation    New Graduate Student Orientation was presented by the Toulouse Graduate School and the Graduate Student Council on January 15, 2011.Nuts & Bolts of Graduate Life (PDF)The Role of the Graduate School (PDF)Library Services (PDF)CITC Presentation (PDF)Financing Your Graduate Education (PDF)      The Art of Selling    This workshop was presented by Dr. Kuruvilla John and Dr. Derrick D'Souza in Spring 2011.The Art of Selling (PDF)Selling Yourself (PDF)      Teaching Across Cultures    This workshop was presented by Dr. Saleha Suleman, Michael Lioy and Dr. Derrick D'Souza in January 2011.Teaching Across Cultures (PDF)      Publishing in Business and the Humanities    This workshop was presented by Dr. Charles Blankson and Dr. Christina Sanchez-Conejero in February 2011Publishing in Business and the Humanities (PDF)Getting Ideas for an Academic Study Conceptual and Empirical (PPT)      Creating a Teaching Philosophy You Can Use    This workshop was presented by Dr. Sam Matteson.Creating a Teaching Philosophy You Can Use (PDF)Sentence Strips (PDF)Philosophy of Teaching Worksheet (PDF)Philosophy of Teaching: Principles (PDF)      Plagiarism 101    This workshop was presented by Jill Kleister, Dr. Lisa Nagaoka and James Stewart (in place of Dr. Kathryn Raign).Plagiarism 101 (PDF)      Graduate Research Grant Assistance Workshop    This workshop was presented by Dr. Rick Nader, Dr. Britt Holbrook, and Dr. James Duban in May 2011.Addressing the Broader Impacts of Your Research Project (Holbrook) (PDF)Elements of a Good Funding Match and Maximizing the RFP (Nader) (PDF)Graduate Grant Assistance Timeline (PDF)      Planning, Managing, and Funding the Research Project    This workshop was presented by Dr. Denise Perry Simmons in Fall 2012, Spring 2013 and Fall 2013.Planning, Managing and Funding (PDF) Spring 2013: updated versionPlanning, Managing and Funding (PDF) Fall 2013      Developing your Written Credentials: CV's and Letter of Interest    This workshop was presented by Christine Ellis in September 2011.CV Writing for Graduate Students (PDF)      Funding Opportunities and Writing a Competitive Proposal for the NSF    This workshop was presented by Dr. Ezekiel Kalipeni in September 2011.Writing Compelling NSF Proposals (PDF)      NSF Graduate Research Fellowship Application Workshop    This workshop was presented by Jody Huddleston in September 2011.NSF Graduate Research Fellowship (PDF)      Developing your Resume and Cover Letter    This workshop was presented by Christine Ellis in October 2011.Resume and Cover Letter Presentation (PDF)      Life in Academia: Beyond tenure \u2013 mentoring successful scholars    This workshop was presented by Dr. Chwee Li Chng, Dr. Angela Wilson, and Dr. Victor Prybutok.Beyond Tenure Presentation (coming soon)      Life in Academia: Preparing to Secure Tenure    This workshop was presented by Dr. Michael Nieswiadomy, Dr. Mary Jones, and Dr. Armin Mikler on February 28, 2012.Presentation(PDF)      Life in Academia    This workshop was presented by Steven Cobb, and Dr. Angela Wilson on February 14, 2012.Presentation(PDF)      Using Technology to Improve your Presentation Skills    This workshop was presented by Dr. Daniel Peak on October 15, 2012.Presentation (PDF)      NSF    This workshop was presented by Jody HuddlestonHandout (PDF)      Dissertation Proposal Writing Workshop    This workshop was presented by Sherry RyanPresentation (PDF)      The Talk    This workshop was presented by Dr. Denise Perry Simmons in the Spring of 2013.Presentation (PDF)      Writing a Thesis or Dissertation in STEM    This workshop was presented by Dr. Floyd McDaniel in the Fall of 2013.Presentation (PDF)      Cite It Right: Why, When, and How to Cite Sources and Avoid Plagiarism    This workshop was presented by Bidisha Kumar on November 19, 2013.Cite it Right (PDF)APA citation (PDF)MLA citation (PDF)45chicago (PDF)Handout (DOCX)      IRB Basics    This workshop was presented by Boyd Herndon on February 26, 2014.IRB Basics (PowerPoint)      Getting Ideas for an Academic Study: Ph.D. and Master\u2019s Degree    This workshop was presented by Dr. Charles Blankson in February 2014.Presentation (PPT)      NIH Funding for Graduate Students    This workshop was presented by Dr. Denise Perry Simmons in March 2014.Presentation (PPT)             Professional Development & Support  Student Support Home Workshop ResourcesWorkshop Presentations Workshop Videos  Upcoming Workshops Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp 3MT® Three Minute Thesis Student Research & Fellowship Support Program  External Grants and Fellowships                           Visit Us  Eagle Student Services Center       1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas  76203-5459       Mail Us  1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017      Contact Us  940-565-2383                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links       
p2
t.