(S'http://tsgs.unt.edu/workshop-videos'
p1
V          Workshop Videos | Toulouse Graduate School                                            Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home For Future Students »  For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors   For New & Current Students »  For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ   For Faculty & Staff »  For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs   For Alumni & Friends »  For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook   People Contact Us   Professional Development & Support » Student Support Home Workshop Resources »  Workshop Resources Workshop Presentations Workshop Videos   Upcoming Workshops Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp 3MT® Three Minute Thesis Student Research & Fellowship Support Program  »  Student Research & Fellowship Support Program   External Grants and Fellowships             Search form  Search the UNT web site:                   Toulouse Graduate School         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                        Toulouse Graduate School                                   Home                           For Future Students                                 Graduate Admissions                           Tuition and Fees                           Funding Your Graduate Education                           Graduate Catalog                           Graduate Academic Advisors                     Programs  UNT offers 82 master\u2019s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs              More Info  Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info              International  Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info                           For New & Current Students                                 Orientation                           Theses and Dissertations                           Writing Resources                           Forms                           Travel Grants                           Cross Registration                           Graduate Milestones                           Graduate Student Council                           FAQ                     Support  As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services              Graduation  You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation              Teaching  UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR.  More Resources                           For Faculty & Staff                                 Robert B Toulouse Fellowship                           McNair Scholars Fellowship                           Graduate Faculty Nominations                           Developing & Revising Programs                     Forms  Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms              Defense Notices  If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification              Resources  Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources                           For Alumni & Friends                                 inCircle                           Twitter                           North Texan                           LinkedIn                           Facebook                     UNT Alumni  The Alumni Association engages the institution\u2019s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association              Spotlights  View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School.  Alumni Success              Support  Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now                           People                           Contact Us                                 In the Graduate Workshops Section...OverviewWorkshop ResourcesWorkshop Videos            Workshop Videos         Sort by  Post date     Order  AscendingDescending                  Teaching at the Community College: The Hiring Process  These panelists will give helpful insights in the community college interviewing process. Learn what faculty and administrators serving on search...    Read more about and watch this video »            Stress Management for Graduate Students  Being a graduate student tends to bring out stress and anxiety and at times can feel overwhelming. If you want to learn how to manage your stress...    Read more about and watch this video »            Developing Your Written Credentials: CVs and Letter of Interest  A curriculum vita, CV or vita, this document is the academic equivalent of a resume and is a summary of your educational and professional history...    Read more about and watch this video »            Entrepreneurship: Do You Have What It Takes?  This workshop, presented by Dr. Tony Mendes of the Murphy Center for Entrepreneurship, offers insight into various forms of entrepreneurship and...    Read more about and watch this video »            Getting Ideas for an Academic Study: Conceptual and Empirical  A research degree will give you the opportunity to study a specific field (e.g., business, psychology, history, economics, sociology and so forth...    Read more about and watch this video »            Life in Academia: Securing Tenure  These panelists have a wealth of experience in promotion and tenure issues from which graduate students will benefit. Their discussion will deal...    Read more about and watch this video »            Navigating the PhD: Managing Academic Relationships  In this workshop, plans for working with others will be the main focus. Participants will discuss how to select and work with committees will...    Read more about and watch this video »            Developing a Resume, Cover Letter and How to Convert your CV into a Resume (Fall 2011)  The most valuable thing about a resume is the process of writing it. As you write your resume (for many of you taking your curriculum vita and...    Read more about and watch this video »            RCR: Investing in Responsibility & Integrity for a Productive Career  This program in the Responsible Conduct of Research series intends to focus attention on the broad issues of Integrity in Research and Creative...    Read more about and watch this video »            Open Access and the Graduate Student  To assure increased access to and visibility of scholarly works produced by the UNT community (faculty, students, and staff), UNT is developing...    Read more about and watch this video »            RCR: Maintaining a Productive & Responsive Environment for Conducting Graduate Research  Research misconduct is a serious offence that can have serious consequences including dismissal from the university, revocation of your degree...    Read more about and watch this video »            What\u2019s Out There?: Identifying Non-Academic Options in the Ph.D. Job Market  Employers from various industries such as business, government, sciences and/or non-profits will discuss employment opportunities for Masters and...    Read more about and watch this video »            Planning, Managing, and Funding the Research Project: Part One  Obtaining funding for a research idea as a doctoral student, new post-doc, or a faculty member can be a daunting task. How do you manage a...    Read more about and watch this video »            Creating a Teaching Philosophy You Can Use  Writing a teaching philosophy is one of the most rewarding and, unfortunately, often one of the hardest tasks to complete. How many times have we...    Read more about and watch this video »            The Art of Selling Yourself  In the current economic climate obtaining a scholarship or landing a good job depends critically on how well you sell yourself. In this workshop...    Read more about and watch this video »            Planning, Managing, and Funding the Research Project: Part Two  Obtaining funding for a research idea as a doctoral student, new post-doc, or a faculty member can be a daunting task. How do you manage a...    Read more about and watch this video »            Planning, Managing, and Funding the Research Project: Part Three  Obtaining funding for a research idea as a doctoral student, new post-doc, or a faculty member can be a daunting task. How do you manage a...    Read more about and watch this video »            Teaching Across Cultures  Within the context of teaching American students, participants will address issues concerning the role of diversity in effective instruction,...    Read more about and watch this video »            Personal Responsibility in Conducting Graduate Research and Advancing Your Career  Dr. Adam Briggle shares his thoughts on personal responsibility in conducting graduate research. This workshop highlights university guidelines...    Read more about and watch this video »            Females in Academia  The number of women entering graduate programs is steadily increasing. Many of the challenges these women face both personally and professionally...    Read more about and watch this video »            Success Strategies for Females in Academia  Dr. Sandi Spencer discusses strategies for females in academia, including establishing work/life balance, setting priorities, confronting gender...    Read more about and watch this video »            Time Management for Graduate Students, Post-docs and Faculty  Presenter:Joshua Adams, Director, UNT Learning CenterThis workshop will evaluate some of the most typical issues affecting productivity,...    Read more about and watch this video »            Navigating the Ph.D.: Writing Processes & Strategies for Academic Writing  Presenter:Dr. Kathryn Raign, Director, UNT Writing CenterThis workshop will focus on writing processes and practices. The PhD programs at...    Read more about and watch this video »            Mastering the Interview and Salary Negotiation  Presenter: Christine Ellis, Asst. Director of Career CenterThe interview is a dynamic process designed to help employers and candidates...    Read more about and watch this video »            Developing Your Written Credentials: CVs, Resumes, and More  Presenter: Christine Ellis, Asst. Director of Career Center and Dan Naegeli, Director of Career CenterIn developing your written...    Read more about and watch this video »            Time Management for Graduate Students (Fall 2011)  This workshop will evaluate some of the most typical issues affecting productivity, including procrastination, motivation and perfectionism. It...    Read more about and watch this video »            How to Give an Award Winning Talk  Communicating your work effectively is the cornerstone of success in science. Whether you are giving your dissertation defense presentation or an...    Read more about and watch this video »              Professional Development & Support  Student Support Home Workshop ResourcesWorkshop Presentations Workshop Videos  Upcoming Workshops Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp 3MT® Three Minute Thesis Student Research & Fellowship Support Program  External Grants and Fellowships                           Visit Us  Eagle Student Services Center       1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas  76203-5459       Mail Us  1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017      Contact Us  940-565-2383                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links       
p2
t.