(S'http://tsgs.unt.edu/eagle-thesis-dissertation-boot-camp-0'
p1
V          Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp | Toulouse Graduate School                                    Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home For Future Students »  For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors   For New & Current Students »  For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ   For Faculty & Staff »  For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs   For Alumni & Friends »  For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook   People Contact Us   Professional Development & Support » Student Support Home Workshop Resources »  Workshop Resources Workshop Presentations Workshop Videos   Upcoming Workshops Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp 3MT® Three Minute Thesis Student Research & Fellowship Support Program  »  Student Research & Fellowship Support Program   External Grants and Fellowships             Search form  Search the UNT web site:                   Toulouse Graduate School         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                        Toulouse Graduate School                                   Home                           For Future Students                                 Graduate Admissions                           Tuition and Fees                           Funding Your Graduate Education                           Graduate Catalog                           Graduate Academic Advisors                     Programs  UNT offers 82 master\u2019s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs              More Info  Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info              International  Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info                           For New & Current Students                                 Orientation                           Theses and Dissertations                           Writing Resources                           Forms                           Travel Grants                           Cross Registration                           Graduate Milestones                           Graduate Student Council                           FAQ                     Support  As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services              Graduation  You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation              Teaching  UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR.  More Resources                           For Faculty & Staff                                 Robert B Toulouse Fellowship                           McNair Scholars Fellowship                           Graduate Faculty Nominations                           Developing & Revising Programs                     Forms  Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms              Defense Notices  If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification              Resources  Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources                           For Alumni & Friends                                 inCircle                           Twitter                           North Texan                           LinkedIn                           Facebook                     UNT Alumni  The Alumni Association engages the institution\u2019s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association              Spotlights  View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School.  Alumni Success              Support  Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now                           People                           Contact Us                                  Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp What is Boot Camp?Apply NowThe Eagle Thesis and Dissertation Boot Camp is designed to provide a supportive environment for intense, focused writing time, as well as structure and motivation to overcome typical roadblocks in the dissertation process. It is an interruption-free, stress-free, no-excuses-just-do-it writing time for Master's and Ph.D. students.We intend for Boot Camp to be a model that you can continue on your own. It is our hope that participants will form small self-motivated work groups, utilize the resources available on campus, and stick to an individualized writing schedule with the momentum gained from Boot Camp.What Happens at Boot Camp?Each day includes:Several blocks of writing timeMotivational welcome speechScheduled breaks and wellness activityCoffee, tea, breakfast, lunch, and light snacksA lunch conversation with fellow campersSpace to continue writing after 3:00 P.M.Am I Eligible? Sound interesting? Here's what's required of you:An approved thesis or dissertation proposal. This is a writing boot camp. You will spend the time writing--not analyzing data or researching. Come prepared to start drafting or revising part of your dissertation.Permission from your thesis or dissertation advisor. As part of the application process, we must receive an e-mail from your advisor or the chair of your committee certifying that you are in the writing or revising stage of your project. Once we have the confirmation, we can evaluate you for acceptance and invite your advisor to lunch on the third day of camp.A clear calendar.* Participants need to commit to attending the entire workshop. You will not be excused to teach or attend class. Arrange transportation and childcare so that you are free to attend each day.*If you are accepted and cannot attend, please let us know immediately. It is unacceptable to "no-show" at boot camp. Your advisor will be notified and you will not be allowed to attend the following boot camp.Apply for our upcoming Boot Camp sessions:AprilJulyAugustCan\u2019t Get Enough of Boot Camp? Join Our Weekly Dissertation Writing Group (WDWG)The WDWG is a writing group for students working on their thesis or dissertation. It is meant to provide a quiet, uninterrupted space for graduate students to write, and commune with others going through the same process. The group meets every Friday from 10:00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M. This is an informal group; graduate students are encouraged to come and go as time permits. The goal is simply to write! If you would like to be added to the WDWG email list, please send a request to GradWriting@unt.edu.Date: Every Friday Location: Willis Library 250K      Professional Development & Support  Student Support Home Workshop ResourcesWorkshop Presentations Workshop Videos  Upcoming Workshops Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp 3MT® Three Minute Thesis Student Research & Fellowship Support Program  External Grants and Fellowships       Upcoming Workshops    [view all Events]      Mon, May 15th Writing the Thesis/Dissertation Proposal: Business BLB 040 11:00 am to 1:00 pm       Sat, Jul 29th Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp Willis Library, 140 8:30 am to 3:00 pm       Wed, Aug 16th Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp Willis Library, 140 8:30 am to 3:00 pm                              Visit Us  Eagle Student Services Center       1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas  76203-5459       Mail Us  1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017      Contact Us  940-565-2383                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links       
p2
t.