(S'http://tsgs.unt.edu/student-support-services/research-fellowship-support'
p1
V          Graduate Student Research & Fellowship Support Program  | Toulouse Graduate School                                    Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home For Future Students »  For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors   For New & Current Students »  For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ   For Faculty & Staff »  For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs   For Alumni & Friends »  For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook   People Contact Us   Professional Development & Support » Student Support Home Workshop Resources »  Workshop Resources Workshop Presentations Workshop Videos   Upcoming Workshops Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp 3MT® Three Minute Thesis Student Research & Fellowship Support Program  »  Student Research & Fellowship Support Program   External Grants and Fellowships             Search form  Search the UNT web site:                   Toulouse Graduate School         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                        Toulouse Graduate School                                   Home                           For Future Students                                 Graduate Admissions                           Tuition and Fees                           Funding Your Graduate Education                           Graduate Catalog                           Graduate Academic Advisors                     Programs  UNT offers 82 master\u2019s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs              More Info  Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info              International  Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info                           For New & Current Students                                 Orientation                           Theses and Dissertations                           Writing Resources                           Forms                           Travel Grants                           Cross Registration                           Graduate Milestones                           Graduate Student Council                           FAQ                     Support  As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services              Graduation  You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation              Teaching  UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR.  More Resources                           For Faculty & Staff                                 Robert B Toulouse Fellowship                           McNair Scholars Fellowship                           Graduate Faculty Nominations                           Developing & Revising Programs                     Forms  Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms              Defense Notices  If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification              Resources  Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources                           For Alumni & Friends                                 inCircle                           Twitter                           North Texan                           LinkedIn                           Facebook                     UNT Alumni  The Alumni Association engages the institution\u2019s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association              Spotlights  View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School.  Alumni Success              Support  Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now                           People                           Contact Us                                  Graduate Student Research & Fellowship Support Program  BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE The objective of the University of North Texas (UNT) Graduate Student Research & Fellowship Support Program is to increase the number and quality of extramural proposals submitted by graduate students in support of research and graduate study at UNT.  A secondary objective is to improve the skills of UNT graduate students in preparing proposals for research grants and fellowships in support of their future career goals. The program is jointly sponsored by the Toulouse Graduate School and the UNT Office for Nationally Competitive Scholarships.  WHO SHOULD APPLY: UNT graduate students interested in being mentored in applying for research grants or fellowships are strongly encouraged to apply.   WHAT TO EXPECT: Selected students will receive intensive proposal-writing training and participate in a cross-disciplinary cohort of approximately 30 other selected students.  Students will receive guidance and advice from a team of experts who will assist each student in preparing and successfully submitting to a funding agency. Training will take place on February 16-17, 2017 with a follow-up meeting on April 24, 2017. Students successfully completing the training and submitting proposals by the deadline will receive recognition and a participation certificate. APPLICATION DEADLINE: February 10, 2017 ELIGIBILITY: Students must be enrolled full-time in any Masters or Doctoral graduate program at UNT, and be in good academic standing at the time of award.  SELECTION CRITERIA: Applications will be evaluated on the merit of the applicant\u2019s ideas for the proposed research or fellowship, the quality of the match between the ideas and the targeted fellowship or grant opportunity, and the overall degree of responsiveness of the application to the objectives of the program.   APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: Complete and signed Application Form, Narrative (2-pages max), 2 Letters of Recommendation (optional).SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: All applications must be submitted electronically by 5pm on February 10, 2017 according to the directions on this website.Questions about the program should be directed to Dr. Joseph Oppong by phone 940-565-2088 or e-mail Joseph.Oppong@unt.edu.The application period is now closed.      Professional Development & Support  Student Support Home Workshop ResourcesWorkshop Presentations Workshop Videos  Upcoming Workshops Eagle Thesis & Dissertation Boot Camp 3MT® Three Minute Thesis Student Research & Fellowship Support Program  External Grants and Fellowships                           Visit Us  Eagle Student Services Center       1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas  76203-5459       Mail Us  1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017      Contact Us  940-565-2383                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links       
p2
t.