(S'http://learningcenter.unt.edu/statistics101'
p1
V     Stats 101 | Learning Center                     Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                              Learning Center                        Home TSI Tutoring Support Programs Graduate Resources Outreach Faculty/Staff Resources Staff        HomeStats 101    Need a review of basic stats? Want to brush up on your SPSS skills? Stats 101 offers both!  This workshop series provides a review of fundamental statistical concepts and tests and uses real-world data to apply the concepts in the SPSS environment. Topics covered include: Week 1: Describing DataWeek 2: T-TestsWeek 3: Chi-SquareWeek 4: ANOVAWeek 5: Regression. Each 2-hour session includes a conceptual review of the topic and a hands-on SPSS demonstration. Registration also includes access to extra practice questions and scenarios with the opportunity for feedback on completion. You will receive instructions for accessing workshop materials with confirmation of your registration. Please note that these workshops are not designed to provide individual assistance with coursework, but to provide a broad overview of specific topics. If you are in need of individual assistance, please visit our Tutoring page. Registration is required for Stats 101. Session 1 will be held in Sage 315. Due to space constraints, there is a limit of 8 participants per session.  Please ensure your ability to participate in all 5 weeks of the session before registering. If you are only interested in particular topics, check out our online options!     Session 1  Session 1 is full!  Please see below for the Summer 2015 online options. Tuesdays, 7:00p-9:00p June 2nd June 9th June 16th June 23rd June 30th       Stats 101 Online Interested in a particular topic? Try out one of our online workshops! Live webinars will be offered at each of the times listed below. To participate, you will need access to a reliable internet connection with audio, or the ability to phone in. Access to SPSS will be helpful, but not necessary. A computer microphone is recommended but not required.  Registration is required for participation.To register, please click on the link for each session you wish to attend. Registration will remain open until the participation limit is met or one hour before the start of the workshop. You will recieve log-in instructions after registration. Describing Data Thursday July 9th @ noon T-Tests Thursday July 16th @ noon        Search     Search this site:            Graduate Resources  Graduate School: The Guide To Getting In Entrance & Certification Exam Prep Graduate Student Resources Speed Reading Graduate Student Academic Coaching               Contact Information:  Learning Center   1155 Union Circle  P.O. Box 305038 Denton,          TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: (940) 369-7006 Fax: (940) 369-8394  Visit Us: Sage Hall 315 http://learningcenter.unt.edu/             Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. Learning.Center@unt.edu    Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? learning.center@unt.edu            UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center            Site last updated on: April 17, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness               
p2
t.