(S'http://clear.unt.edu/tes-resources'
p1
V      Teaching Excellence Seminar | Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign                     Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                  Home Teaching SupportAdjunct Resources Assessment Blackboard Faculty Helpdesk CLEAR Copyright GuideCopyright Rights Table Avoiding Risk Table By License Creative Commons Fair Use Locate Works Public Domain Release Form Resources Teach Act   Consulting Course Development First Day of Class ProductionAV & Photography Graphic Design Interactive & Applications Equipment Checkout AV & Photo Request Form   Resources Teaching OnlineAccessibility Delivering Exams Online   Technology OptionsBlackboard Learn Clickers and TurningPoint GoToTraining Panopto PB Works ProctorU REEF Polling Respondus Social Media StudyMate Respondus LockDown Browser Turnitin VideoconferencingAbout UNTVN Sites Scheduling Technical Information Contact Us Videoconference Training Related Links     Training Videoconferencing   InitiativesCourse Design Institute GSTEP Teaching Excellence SeminarTES Resources   Teaching Recognition Teaching Resources for Engaged Educators (TREE) Thank a Teacher Open Educational Resources Previous InitiativesCourse Database NextGen Course RedesignOverview Courses   Transformative Instruction InitiativeCourses   Learning Enhancement Grant (LEG)   Team-Based Learning   Calendar Policies & ProceduresCourse ApprovalOff-Site Approval Online Course Approval Online Program Approval   Course Design Review F1 Visa Reporting Funding & FeesFunding Model Out of State Teaching Fee   Intellectual Property Use of Student Work   About CLEARMission & Goals Steering Committee Staff Location Statistics            Initiatives   Course Design Institute GSTEP Teaching Excellence SeminarTES Resources  Teaching Recognition Teaching Resources for Engaged Educators (TREE) Thank a Teacher Open Educational Resources Previous Initiatives Team-Based Learning         Home » Initiatives » Teaching Excellence SeminarTeaching Excellence SeminarHelpful UNT Teaching and Learning Resources  YouTube archive of select TES plenaries How Do I Build Credibility with My Students? Facilitating Engaged Student Learning, Dr. Brenda McCoy What's Love Got to Do With It? Everything!, Christy Crutsinger Interim VP for Faculty Success, Office of the Provost and VP for Academic Affairs Things I Wish I Knew, TF Panel First Day of Class Panel UNT Policies with Q&A Student Learning UIT Helpdesk provides a centralized referral service to advise students on a wide variety of computing subjects and assist them in trouble-shooting problems. Ph - 940-565-2324; Email. Learning Center provides learning support services including academic coaching, tutoring (online and face to face), Learning 101 workshops about study skills, speed reading, and study skills labs. Writing Lab, sponsored by the Department of Linguistics and Technical Communication, provides free writing tutoring to all undergraduate and graduate students in both face to face and online formats. Reference and Library Services offers workshops to teach students how to locate, evaluate and use information relevant to their research. Librarians can also visit your classroom or take students on library tours. Students enrolled in a distance learning class may request that regular, circulating books and journal articles available at UNT Libraries be sent to them. Office of Disability Accommondation provides services and resources to eligible students. Student services include classroom and testing accommodations. Student Support CARE Team informs instructors on how to detect and report students at risk. Counseling & Testing Services provides a wide range of psychological services to assist students with social/family/relationship difficulties; psychological problems such as loneliness or depression; crisis counseling and referral; and career counseling and testing. Consultation and outreach programming are also available for faculty, staff, and students. Division of Institutional Equity and Diversity has a primary goal to develop a supportive environment for a culturally diverse faculty, staff and student body. The Division of Equity and Diversity provides a safe zone for all. UNT-International assists all students, faculty, staff, departments, and colleges in administering, participating and developing programs with an international emphasis. This office provides a welcome center for international students, Intensive English Language Institute, advising, international teaching assistant training program, the Study Abroad office, and other special programs. Faculty Academic Support Services Teaching Excellence Handbook First Day of Class First Day of Class Seminar (PDF Download) Teaching Technologies University Information Technology oversees a number of programs that may be of assistance to instructors including general access labs, computing services for faculty and students, short courses on campus computing technology and test grading services. UNT Libraries have librarians assigned to departments who can to come to your class to talk to your students or meet with them in the library. They provide subject guides, tutorials, faculty delivery service, and class pages for your course that include resources for your students. The Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign (CLEAR) provides workshops, consultations, seminars, and conferences to assist faculty with teaching responsibilities and resources.  Teaching Resources for Engaged Educators (TREE) is a free program for all UNT educators to maximize their impact on student learning, connect with other educators committed to continuous teaching improvement, and document their efforts to improve their teaching practice. It as an online training program focused on 10 teaching proficiencies. Graduate Student Teaching Excellence Program (GSTEP) is a free program for graduate students who wish to prepare for teaching roles in higher education. The program includes classroom teaching experiences, online training modules, and peer mentoring.   Early Alert Response System, a service of the Learning Center (LC), provides assistance to faculty and staff who have identified struggling students and would like the students to be further assisted. The LC staff evaluates alerts daily, and will personally reach out to students by phone or email or make appropriate campus referrals. Campus Carry policy web site and resource.  Supplemental Instruction, a service of the Learning Center, places peer tutors in difficult courses. SI Leaders meet with students in small groups to discuss and clarify class material. Classroom Support Services provides and maintains audiovisual equipment in UNT's general-use classrooms. Instructors who have difficulty operating any A/V equipment in a classroom (including difficulty in the middle of a class) or who need to request special equipment that is not regularly available in the classroom should contact CSS directly. Ph \u2013 940-565-2691. Office of Academic Integrity provides assistance to faculty and students regarding academic integrity investigations. Sage Hall Testing Center provides a site for computerized testing for distance, face-to-face, and blended courses. The site is secure and especially useful for high stakes testing. Registrar's Office provides information on final exams and grade reporting, audit rolls for reporting on the attendance and academic progress of every student enrolled in your class, FERPA standards and student records. University Police stands ready to assist you with maintaining safety and security. They offer safety programs and presentations as well as investigating and protection. Do not hesitate to call them if you witness suspicious behavior.                  Contact Faculty Helpdesk: Email: clearhelp@unt.edu Phone: (940) 369-7394 In-person: Chilton Hall 112C Site Support: For questions and comments concerning website functionality, please contact: Gabe.Vega@unt.edu             Physical Address:      Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign     410 Avenue C Chilton Hall 112 Denton, TX 76203 USA  Voice: 940.565.2708                 UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on March 09, 2017  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness               
p2
t.