(S'http://international.unt.edu/ISSS/prospective-students-other-visa-types-or-immigration-statuses'
p1
V          Prospective Students with Other Visa Types or Immigration Statuses | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   ISSS Menu » Home »  Home Executive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms   New Students »  New Students International Student Orientation International Admissions Financial Requirements   Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff  Frequently Asked Questions About Us »  About Us Staff Biographies International Student Stats   Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             ISSS Menu  HomeExecutive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms  New StudentsFinancial Requirements International Admissions International Student Orientation  Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff  Frequently Asked Questions About UsInternational Student Stats Staff Biographies  Contact Us UNT International                Prospective Students with Other Visa Types or Immigration Statuses      Do you plan to study at UNT while in the U.S. on another visa type besides an F-1 or J-1? For example, an F-2 or H-4, etc.? Or are you here in the U.S. with a different immigration status such as an asylee, refugee, or perhaps you have an application for permanent residency pending with the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services? (Please note that undocumented or DACA student applicants are not considered international students at UNT.) If you intend to keep your current status and study at the same time, then you will not need an I-20 or DS-2019 to be issued for you. This also means that you will only need to submit the following immigration-related documents to the admissions offices: A copy of your passport\u2019s identification page. Proof of your current immigration status in the United States. You are not required to attend International Student Orientation. However, you may be required to attend other orientations related to your student standing (for example, Transfer Student Orientation), and/or your department or other special programs/organizations of which you may be a member. As an international student you are still required to complete Immigration Document Check-In in the International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) office, Marquis Hall 110. You will be blocked from registering for classes until this has been completed. Please bring the following original documents with you for document check-in: Your current passport and any expired passport that may contain your current visa. Your original immigration documentation indicating your current immigration status in the U.S. (including your I-94 card if you have one). If you have questions about immigration document check-in, please contact us. International Student Fee Students who are attending UNT on a non-immigrant visa or who have an application for permanent residency pending with the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services are charged an International Student Fee each semester they are enrolled as part of their tuition and other fees. International Student Health Insurance  UNT requires all students who are attending UNT on a non-immigrant visa to have health insurance coverage. For more detailed information and resources, see Health Insurance for International Students.                           Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.