(S'http://clear.unt.edu/copyright-fair-use'
p1
V      Fair Use | Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign                     Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                  Home Teaching SupportAdjunct Resources Assessment Blackboard Faculty Helpdesk CLEAR Copyright GuideCopyright Rights Table Avoiding Risk Table By License Creative Commons Fair Use Locate Works Public Domain Release Form Resources Teach Act   Consulting Course Development First Day of Class ProductionAV & Photography Graphic Design Interactive & Applications Equipment Checkout AV & Photo Request Form   Resources Teaching OnlineAccessibility Delivering Exams Online   Technology OptionsBlackboard Learn Clickers and TurningPoint GoToTraining Panopto PB Works ProctorU REEF Polling Respondus Social Media StudyMate Respondus LockDown Browser Turnitin VideoconferencingAbout UNTVN Sites Scheduling Technical Information Contact Us Videoconference Training Related Links     Training Videoconferencing   InitiativesCourse Design Institute GSTEP Teaching Excellence SeminarTES Resources   Teaching Recognition Teaching Resources for Engaged Educators (TREE) Thank a Teacher Open Educational Resources Previous InitiativesCourse Database NextGen Course RedesignOverview Courses   Transformative Instruction InitiativeCourses   Learning Enhancement Grant (LEG)   Team-Based Learning   Calendar Policies & ProceduresCourse ApprovalOff-Site Approval Online Course Approval Online Program Approval   Course Design Review F1 Visa Reporting Funding & FeesFunding Model Out of State Teaching Fee   Intellectual Property Use of Student Work   About CLEARMission & Goals Steering Committee Staff Location Statistics            Teaching Support   Adjunct Resources Assessment Blackboard Faculty Helpdesk CLEAR Copyright GuideCopyright Rights Table Avoiding Risk Table By License Creative Commons Fair Use Locate Works Public Domain Release Form Resources Teach Act  Consulting Course Development First Day of Class Production Resources Teaching Online Technology Options Training Videoconferencing         Home » Teaching Support » CLEAR Copyright GuideFair Use What  Is Fair Use? You generally need to  obtain permission or license copyrighted material to use  it.  The exception to this is a rule  called Fair Use.  Fair Use means you can use copyrighted material, but only for certain  purposes, including \u201ctransformative\u201d  purposes.  Fair use is a defense against  a claim of copyright infringement. Fair Use law tries to ensure a balance of the rights of copyright owners and the public interest, but doesn't provide simple rules to gauge whether a use qualifies as fair. Instead, you're left to evaluate your unique situation by applying the factors below. Use the Fair Use factors below to determine if your usage is permitted. When the circumstances might be reasonably used as fair, you may use copyrighted works without obtaining permission. These Fair Use factors help you evaluate whether your use is permitted.  Factors to Consider for Fair Use    Purpose and character of your use The purpose of teaching at a nonprofit educational institution is a factor favoring fair use. The scale tips further in favor of fair use when access is restricted to your students. Meeting this single condition is NOT adequate by itself. Also at issue is the character of your use, whether you're using the works to creating something new or copying it exactly. Have you transformed its meaning or purpose, or have you added value to and repurposed the work for a new audience? If you have, this also tips the balance in your favor.   Nature of the copyrighted work Works that are published, factual, nonfiction, or newsworthy weigh in favor of fair use. If works are unpublished, fictional, highly creative, or a consumable (e.g., a workbook), then this weighs against this factor.   Amount used Using a small portion of a whole work would weigh toward fairness. But sometimes it may be fair to use an entire work (such as an image) if it is needed for your instructional purpose.   Effect of the use on the potential market A use is more likely to be fair if it doesn't harm the potential market for the copyrighted work or the value of the work to the copyright holder. If it does, this could weigh more heavily against fair use than any of the other factors.   Use this Fair Use Analysis Checklist to help you evaluate the work you plan to use Research in-depth information from other external sources in Resources Search these multiple sources to Locate Usable Works \u2014 text, images, videos, audio                 Contact Faculty Helpdesk: Email: clearhelp@unt.edu Phone: (940) 369-7394 In-person: Chilton Hall 112C Site Support: For questions and comments concerning website functionality, please contact: Gabe.Vega@unt.edu             Physical Address:      Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign     410 Avenue C Chilton Hall 112 Denton, TX 76203 USA  Voice: 940.565.2708                 UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on March 09, 2017  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness               
p2
t.