(S'http://clear.unt.edu/copyright-how-use-text'
p1
V      How to Use Text | Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign                     Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                  Home Teaching SupportAdjunct Resources Assessment Blackboard Faculty Helpdesk CLEAR Copyright GuideCopyright Rights Table Avoiding Risk Table By License Creative Commons Fair Use Locate Works Public Domain Release Form Resources Teach Act   Consulting Course Development First Day of Class ProductionAV & Photography Graphic Design Interactive & Applications Equipment Checkout AV & Photo Request Form   Resources Teaching OnlineAccessibility Delivering Exams Online   Technology OptionsBlackboard Learn Clickers and TurningPoint GoToTraining Panopto PB Works ProctorU REEF Polling Respondus Social Media StudyMate Respondus LockDown Browser Turnitin VideoconferencingAbout UNTVN Sites Scheduling Technical Information Contact Us Videoconference Training Related Links     Training Videoconferencing   InitiativesCourse Design Institute GSTEP Teaching Excellence SeminarTES Resources   Teaching Recognition Teaching Resources for Engaged Educators (TREE) Thank a Teacher Open Educational Resources Previous InitiativesCourse Database NextGen Course RedesignOverview Courses   Transformative Instruction InitiativeCourses   Learning Enhancement Grant (LEG)   Team-Based Learning   Calendar Policies & ProceduresCourse ApprovalOff-Site Approval Online Course Approval Online Program Approval   Course Design Review F1 Visa Reporting Funding & FeesFunding Model Out of State Teaching Fee   Intellectual Property Use of Student Work   About CLEARMission & Goals Steering Committee Staff Location Statistics            HomeHow to Use Text Whenever you're tempted to use copyrighted articles or excerpts, ask yourself:  Related Links  Search these multiple sources to Locate Usable Works \u2014 text, images, videos, audio Learn more about copyrights Resources See the Risk Assessment Table determining risk in using others' works   How important is this text for fulfilling the mission of your lesson?  If you believe the article, book chapter, or report would be a vital part of the lesson, make your best effort to contact the copyright holder for permission.  If you think you have a strong case for using text under the Fair Use exceptions or the Teach Act, reflect on the risk-reward ratio in applying these remedies.   Remember, you want to use copyrighted material in such a way as to not end up in a lawsuit. Sure, you may prevail in court, but at what cost? You may win your case, but be seriously financially damaged, so think carefully before using copyrighted material without permission. The best policy is: "When in doubt, link out!" Frequently Asked Questions about Using Print and Digital Text  May I link to an article online? Best  practices direct one to link to articles owned or licensed by UNT through the e-sources databases licensed by UNT. If articles outside of  the e-sources are noted as open access, or they are in the public domain, these  are usually safe to apply links. Otherwise, providing a link to a site is usually considered safe. May I scan an article from a printed magazine and post it in my online course? If you don't have permission from the copyright owner, it's safest to link to the article's online site, not place a scanned article within your course. You should apply the Fair Use factors to determine this. How much content can I legally copy out of a book chapter, magazine, or journal for use in my online lessons? You  should apply the Fair Use test to determine this. In general, one  chapter of a book is safe. How long can I leave copyrighted content online without permission using Fair Use or Teach Act exceptions? UNT  reserves and copyright law  require that all reserve content be  renewed each semester. If I wrote the book, may I put it in my online course?  It depends. If you reserved your right to display, reproduce, distribute, and make derivative of your work, then yes. If you did not, you may need to seek permission from the publisher. The SPARC Addendum can help you reserve your literary rights. My textbook isn't yet available to students.  May I copy and deliver the first two chapters online until the book arrives? Contact the UNT library about placing book chapters on e-reserve. Can I post chapters or sections of an e-book in my online course? Contact your UNT library to determine what the e-book licensing agreement permits. How can my Library Liaison help me with copyright issues? Your liaison can help you with placing content on reserve, e-reserve, and locating answers to copyright issues. If I use Panopto to record the classroom, and if I don\u2019t get Media Releases from the students, would that cause a copyright issue? It depends who created the work. If a student solely created the work, this could be an issue. If I subscribe to an online journal, does that give me permission to link those articles in my course? No. Articles linked in a course should be owned or licensed by UNT. Personal subscriptions don't allow you to distribute copies to your students. Check the library's subscriptions to see if your article is available.                 Contact Faculty Helpdesk: Email: clearhelp@unt.edu Phone: (940) 369-7394 In-person: Chilton Hall 112C Site Support: For questions and comments concerning website functionality, please contact: Gabe.Vega@unt.edu             Physical Address:      Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign     410 Avenue C Chilton Hall 112 Denton, TX 76203 USA  Voice: 940.565.2708                 UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on March 09, 2017  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness               
p2
t.