(S'http://clear.unt.edu/copyright-how-use-images'
p1
V      How to Use Images | Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign                     Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                  Home Teaching SupportAdjunct Resources Assessment Blackboard Faculty Helpdesk CLEAR Copyright GuideCopyright Rights Table Avoiding Risk Table By License Creative Commons Fair Use Locate Works Public Domain Release Form Resources Teach Act   Consulting Course Development First Day of Class ProductionAV & Photography Graphic Design Interactive & Applications Equipment Checkout AV & Photo Request Form   Resources Teaching OnlineAccessibility Delivering Exams Online   Technology OptionsBlackboard Learn Clickers and TurningPoint GoToTraining Panopto PB Works ProctorU REEF Polling Respondus Social Media StudyMate Respondus LockDown Browser Turnitin VideoconferencingAbout UNTVN Sites Scheduling Technical Information Contact Us Videoconference Training Related Links     Training Videoconferencing   InitiativesCourse Design Institute GSTEP Teaching Excellence SeminarTES Resources   Teaching Recognition Teaching Resources for Engaged Educators (TREE) Thank a Teacher Open Educational Resources Previous InitiativesCourse Database NextGen Course RedesignOverview Courses   Transformative Instruction InitiativeCourses   Learning Enhancement Grant (LEG)   Team-Based Learning   Calendar Policies & ProceduresCourse ApprovalOff-Site Approval Online Course Approval Online Program Approval   Course Design Review F1 Visa Reporting Funding & FeesFunding Model Out of State Teaching Fee   Intellectual Property Use of Student Work   About CLEARMission & Goals Steering Committee Staff Location Statistics            HomeHow to Use Images   Related Links   Search these multiple sources to Locate Usable Works \u2014 text, images, videos, audio Learn more about copyrights Resources See the Risk Assessment Table determining risk in using others' works   Whenever you're tempted to use copyrighted images, ask yourself: How important is this image for fulfilling the mission of your lesson?  If you believe the image would be a vital part of the lesson, make your best effort to contact the copyright holder for permission.  If you think you have a strong case for using an image under the Fair Use exceptions or the Teach Act, reflect on the risk-reward ratio in applying these remedies.  Remember, you want to use copyrighted image in such a way as to not end up in a lawsuit. Sure, you may prevail in court, but at what cost? You may win your case, but be seriously financially damaged, so think carefully before using copyrighted material without permission. The best policy is: "When in doubt, link out!" Frequently Asked Questions about Images   Does the Library or CLEAR subscribe to royalty-free images that instructors can use? CLEAR subscribes to royalty-free image repositories, and they're accessible to the CLEAR Production Department only. It's best to send images you find online as examples to your Instructional Consultant, and they'll pass them on to the Production Department for finding similar images in the repositories. I found an image on the Internet that I'd like to use in my online course. What are the rules for using it?   If the image is in the public domain or deemed free to use based on open access, use it. If the image is licensed with a Creative Commons license or some other license, use it based on the terms of the license. Or, determine whether you may use the image based on Fair Use. Otherwise,  seek permission or  locate another image.   Am I safe if I link to an image rather than pasting it in my course? In  most cases, yes. In general, it's safer to link to an image rather than to paste it into  courseware. When linking to an image, be sure it's to a reputable source. For  example, if you link to an image of art, link to a reliable and valid site  (e.g., the British Museum, not Gary's favorite art). I need to find images for my course that I can use legally. What do I do? Search  in reliable and valid search venues, such as those we provide here in our  resource Locate Usable Works.  After you locate an image, read the terms of the license and follow the terms. How do I search for and use an image I find on Flickr or Creative Commons? Use  the Creative Commons search feature,  which  searches for images on Flickr, Fotopedia, Open Clip Art Library, Google Images,  Pixabay, Wikimedia Commons, and others. Then locate an image, read the terms of  the license, and follow said terms. All images found on this search feature  should have a CC license on them. Simply click on the license to read the terms  and conditions. (...) May I use a thumbnail of an image as a link? If your use qualifies as Fair Use, then yes. Further, if the image is labeled open access, is in the public domain, or is licensed for various use, then yes. Also, it is less risky to use text for links, but you may use a thumbnail if you meet one of the above-mentioned uses. May I link to art that is displayed online? Yes, but be sure you're linking to a valid and reliable site (e.g., the Getty, and not to Gary's favorite art). How do I properly cite an image found on the web?  If an image is licensed with the 2013 4.0 suite of Creative Commons licenses, then all you have to do is link to a page that gives proper identification (e.g., a URL and, if available, creator). If the image is licensed prior to November 2013 with the 3.0 suite or older versions of CC licenses, then to give proper attribution, you should include as much of the following information as possible: an accurate URL, creator, and title of work. When citing an image licensed with other licenses or not licensed, listing as many of the following should suffice: URL, author, title.  How do I protect my own images once I put them online? Choose a Creative Commons license and place it on your work. Creative Commons has a license creator tool that is very easy to use and it enables creators to choose and place a license on their works.  You may apply a license to many types of items  such as textual material, music,  images, art, PowerPoints, courseware, data, and more.                   Contact Faculty Helpdesk: Email: clearhelp@unt.edu Phone: (940) 369-7394 In-person: Chilton Hall 112C Site Support: For questions and comments concerning website functionality, please contact: Gabe.Vega@unt.edu             Physical Address:      Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign     410 Avenue C Chilton Hall 112 Denton, TX 76203 USA  Voice: 940.565.2708                 UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on March 09, 2017  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness               
p2
t.