(S'http://clear.unt.edu/copyright-how-use-video'
p1
V      How to Use Video | Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign                     Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                  Home Teaching SupportAdjunct Resources Assessment Blackboard Faculty Helpdesk CLEAR Copyright GuideCopyright Rights Table Avoiding Risk Table By License Creative Commons Fair Use Locate Works Public Domain Release Form Resources Teach Act   Consulting Course Development First Day of Class ProductionAV & Photography Graphic Design Interactive & Applications Equipment Checkout AV & Photo Request Form   Resources Teaching OnlineAccessibility Delivering Exams Online   Technology OptionsBlackboard Learn Clickers and TurningPoint GoToTraining Panopto PB Works ProctorU REEF Polling Respondus Social Media StudyMate Respondus LockDown Browser Turnitin VideoconferencingAbout UNTVN Sites Scheduling Technical Information Contact Us Videoconference Training Related Links     Training Videoconferencing   InitiativesCourse Design Institute GSTEP Teaching Excellence SeminarTES Resources   Teaching Recognition Teaching Resources for Engaged Educators (TREE) Thank a Teacher Open Educational Resources Previous InitiativesCourse Database NextGen Course RedesignOverview Courses   Transformative Instruction InitiativeCourses   Learning Enhancement Grant (LEG)   Team-Based Learning   Calendar Policies & ProceduresCourse ApprovalOff-Site Approval Online Course Approval Online Program Approval   Course Design Review F1 Visa Reporting Funding & FeesFunding Model Out of State Teaching Fee   Intellectual Property Use of Student Work   About CLEARMission & Goals Steering Committee Staff Location Statistics            HomeHow to Use Video  Whenever you're tempted to use a particular video, ask yourself: Related Links   Search these multiple sources to Locate Usable Works \u2014 text, images, videos, audio Learn more about copyrights Resources See the Risk Assessment Table determining risk in using others' works   How important is this video for fulfilling the mission of your lesson?  If you believe the video is a vital part of the lesson, make your best effort to contact the copyright holder for permission.  If you think you have a strong case for using a video under the Fair Use exceptions or the TEACH Act, reflect on the risk-reward ratio in applying these remedies.  Remember, you want to use copyrighted material in such a way as to not end up in a lawsuit. Sure, you may prevail in court, but at what cost? You may win your case, but be seriously financially damaged, so think carefully before using copyrighted material without permission. The best policy is: "When in doubt, link out!" Frequently Asked Questions about Video  Is there a difference between linking to an online video versus embedding it in my online course? When  you choose to embed a video  from a video site like YouTube, for example, you're only embedding the URL of  the video, and aren't copying the actual video into your course.  This is considered safe, though the best practices suggest  linking to an online video. I want to display a YouTube video or a  video on another site. What are the best practices when doing so? The safest practice is to link to the  home page for YouTube and have the student search for the video.  I'd like to show a scene from a Hollywood movie to my classes. One is online and one is face-to-face. Is there a difference on what I can show? First determine whether the publisher of the movie has a readily available licensing mechanism to show the movie clip, if so use that license. If not, look to section 110(1) and/or Fair Use to show the scene in a face-to-face class. Look to the TEACH Act and/or Fair Use to show the scene in an online class. I've tried to get permission for an older video, but can't locate the publisher or owner of the copyright. Is there any way I can still use portions of the video? Yes,  if you have completed due diligence in searching for the publisher by looking on these sites: Copyright Clearance Center; the Watch database;  AcqWeb's Directory of Publishers and  Vendors; the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers; and PLUS, and have not located the publisher,  you may use Fair Use to determine whether you may show a portion of the video.  If you are teaching a face-to-face class, then also consider applying section  110(1) to show this video. May I stream Netflix in my online course? No, the Netflix license specifically states their content is for individual use. I recorded a video of a TV interview last week and want to post a short segment of it in my online course. What are my options? Determine whether Fair Use permits you to show this interview, or you could see if the TV broadcast offers a license to show the video. I need to copy a VHS recording to DVD because we don't have equipment to play the VHS. The UNT media library makes its own determination of such copying based on current law and UNT library policy, and it will only make transition copies of items the library owns. Please contact the  UNT Media library for further guidance. How do I protect the video or lectures that I create myself?  Such  material is automatically copyrighted when you produce it. There is no registration  requirement, however one may register such works with the United States  Copyright Office, if desired.  If you want to place this material in the public, consider licensing it with a Creative Commons license that conveys the specific uses available  to subsequent users.                   Contact Faculty Helpdesk: Email: clearhelp@unt.edu Phone: (940) 369-7394 In-person: Chilton Hall 112C Site Support: For questions and comments concerning website functionality, please contact: Gabe.Vega@unt.edu             Physical Address:      Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign     410 Avenue C Chilton Hall 112 Denton, TX 76203 USA  Voice: 940.565.2708                 UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on March 09, 2017  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness               
p2
t.