(S'http://clear.unt.edu/copyright-how-use-audio'
p1
V      How to Use Audio  | Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign                     Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                  Home Teaching SupportAdjunct Resources Assessment Blackboard Faculty Helpdesk CLEAR Copyright GuideCopyright Rights Table Avoiding Risk Table By License Creative Commons Fair Use Locate Works Public Domain Release Form Resources Teach Act   Consulting Course Development First Day of Class ProductionAV & Photography Graphic Design Interactive & Applications Equipment Checkout AV & Photo Request Form   Resources Teaching OnlineAccessibility Delivering Exams Online   Technology OptionsBlackboard Learn Clickers and TurningPoint GoToTraining Panopto PB Works ProctorU REEF Polling Respondus Social Media StudyMate Respondus LockDown Browser Turnitin VideoconferencingAbout UNTVN Sites Scheduling Technical Information Contact Us Videoconference Training Related Links     Training Videoconferencing   InitiativesCourse Design Institute GSTEP Teaching Excellence SeminarTES Resources   Teaching Recognition Teaching Resources for Engaged Educators (TREE) Thank a Teacher Open Educational Resources Previous InitiativesCourse Database NextGen Course RedesignOverview Courses   Transformative Instruction InitiativeCourses   Learning Enhancement Grant (LEG)   Team-Based Learning   Calendar Policies & ProceduresCourse ApprovalOff-Site Approval Online Course Approval Online Program Approval   Course Design Review F1 Visa Reporting Funding & FeesFunding Model Out of State Teaching Fee   Intellectual Property Use of Student Work   About CLEARMission & Goals Steering Committee Staff Location Statistics            HomeHow to Use Audio    Related Links   Search these multiple sources to Locate Usable Works \u2014 text, images, videos, audio Learn more about copyrights Resources See the Risk Assessment Table determining risk in using others' works   Whenever you're tempted to use copyrighted audio, ask yourself: How important is this audio for fulfilling the mission of your lesson?   If you believe it is a vital part of the lesson, make your best effort to contact the copyright holder for permission.   If you think you have a strong case for using audio under the Fair Use exceptions or the Teach Act, reflect on the risk-reward ratio in applying these remedies.  .   Remember, you want to use copyrighted material in such a way as to not end up in a lawsuit. Sure, you may prevail in court, but at what cost? You may win your case, but be seriously financially damaged, so think carefully before using copyrighted material without permission. The best policy is: "When in doubt, link out!" Frequently Asked Questions about Audio:  I'd like to share a portion of an opera in my online course.  How much can I share legally under Fair Use or Teach Act? Fair Use is probably your best bet. You may play however much aligns in your favor when implementing the Fair Use test. For example:  You might play 15 minutes of an opera if your use is for criticism, comment, teaching (this weighs in your favor for factor one), however operas are usually highly creative and fictional, so this weighs against factor two of the fair use test.  If you're playing 20 minutes of an hour-and-a-half long opera, this is only roughly 22 percent of the entire opera (which most likely weighs in favor of factor three \u2014 the amount of the copyrighted item you're using).  Further, if your use is transformational, this supports factor three if you're using the opera for a purpose different from the purpose for which it was created. And your use probably doesn't have a significant effect on the market if there is no readily available licensing mechanism to play the opera for a class, UNT owns a lawfully-acquired copy of the opera, and you're restricting access to students only. In this case, you probably meet three of the four factors, thus your use is probably fair.  You must walk through this Fair Use analysis for each desired use. I'd like to use a set of foreign recordings that I obtained while overseas.  I don't think they're copyrighted.  Is that Okay? First, you need to complete due diligence to attempt to  determine whether they are copyrighted. To make such a determination, search in  the WATCH database, AcqWebs  Directory of Publishers and Vendors, BMI, or SESAC. If all else fails, perform internet searches to see if you can determine the works' copyright status.  If, after conducting due diligence, you remain uncertain about the recordings'  copyright status, determine whether you may apply Fair  Use and proceed with caution. What about Podcasts from PBS \u2014 do I need permission to use those? Check to see if PBS offers a readily available licensing mechanism for such use. If so, apply their license for use. If not, determine whether Fair Use applies. If you're using the podcast for a face-to-face class, such use may be permitted via section 110(1) of the United States Copyright Act. May I play music or a presidential speech in my course?  To play music, determine whether Fair Use applies. For a presidential speech, the TEACH Act or Fair Use may allow such use.                   Contact Faculty Helpdesk: Email: clearhelp@unt.edu Phone: (940) 369-7394 In-person: Chilton Hall 112C Site Support: For questions and comments concerning website functionality, please contact: Gabe.Vega@unt.edu             Physical Address:      Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign     410 Avenue C Chilton Hall 112 Denton, TX 76203 USA  Voice: 940.565.2708                 UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on March 09, 2017  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness               
p2
t.