(S'http://guides.library.unt.edu/giccopyright'
p1
V       Introduction - Copyright - Guides at University of North Texas                                               Skip to main content         Information for...       Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU    Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login               Home          Guides          Copyright         Introduction               Search this Guide  Search        Copyright: Introduction  Information on copyright and related topics.          Introduction     Copyright Basics     Fair Use     Author's Rights     Registering a Copyright     Investigating Copyright Status     Obtaining Permission     Law and Legislation     International and Foreign Copyright     In the News     Copyleft                                  How can the Copyright Services Librarian help you?                                     The Copyright Services Librarian can assist faculty, students, staff and community members understand the issues related to copyright, modifying author agreements to maintain copyright, licensing, and other intellectual property issues. Our services include individual consultations, small-group workshops, and presentations on a variety of subjects.  Individual Consultations: Consult with the Copyright Services Librarian to better understand copyright issues related to your teaching, research, or scholarship, determining fair use or public domain status, and more. Workshops: Workshops can be arranged for the UNT community on topics such as basic copyright law, understanding fair use and other exceptions, retaining your rights as an author, and many other topics. Workshops can be designed for a broader audience or specifically tailored to an academic department. Class Presentations: Class presentations can educate students on issues such as copyright infringement, using the fair use exception, locating public domain or creative commons materials to use in works, and the intersection of copyright, plagiarism and academic integrity issues.  For any of the services above, please contact us at copyright@unt.edu.                    Next: Copyright Basics >>          Last Updated: Apr 5, 2017 8:53 AM   URL: http://guides.library.unt.edu/giccopyright    Print Page    Login to LibApps       Subjects:  Business, Copyright, Government Information, Intellectual Property, Law   Tags:  gic, govdocs, government documents, government information connection, subjectguide                       Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                   
p2
t.