(S'http://facultysenate.unt.edu/faculty-senate-procedures-manual'
p1
V     Faculty Senate Procedures Manual  | Faculty Senate                    Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                              Faculty Senate                        Mission  Charter Bylaws Procedures Manual Awards Workplace Evaluations SPOT Provost President        Getting Around  Senate Officers Executive Committee Members Senators Voting Groups Administrative Committees Elected Commitees (Standing) Standing Committees     Senate Meetings:  Agendas and Minutes 2016-17 Faculty Senate Meetings:October 12, 2016 November 9, 2016 December 14, 2016 February 8, 2017 March 8, 2017 April 12, 2017 May 10, 2017 June 14, 2017 University Union, 3322:00pm - 4:00pm Archives        HomeFaculty Senate Procedures Manual      UNT Faculty Senate Procedures Manual December 2016  Part A: Meetings and Voting Groups  Meetings: Procedures and Member, Chair, Senate Expectations Voting Group I through Group VIII Departmental Listings   Section 1: Meetings The regular meeting of the Faculty Senate shall be held at 2 p.m. on the second Wednesday of each month from September through June of each year, with the exception of January and Spring Break.  a. A special meeting of the Faculty Senate may be called by the chair or by petition to the chair of at least one-third of the membership of the Faculty Senate. Written notice must be given to the senators at least three class days in advance of any special meeting of the Faculty Senate.   b. The Faculty Senate Executive Committee shall prepare the agenda for the Faculty Senate. Agenda items will have a time attached to them and shall consist of the following:  Welcome and introductions Approval of past meeting minutes Faculty Senate discussion Response and reports from university administrators Committee reports Old business (items that have previously appeared on the agenda on which final action has not been taken) New business (new items to be considered) Highlight of a faculty senator Committee of the whole (announcements, etc.)   Items shall be taken up in the order listed by the Executive Committee unless the senate shall, by majority vote, change the order or the order needs to be changed due to delayed presence of required speakers, attendees or information.  c. Recognition of Non-Senator Attendees A senator may recognize faculty members or other guests attending Faculty Senate meetings who wish to be heard upon matters and issues pertinent to the senate\u2019s discussions and debates, at a time that is consistent with the senate\u2019s published agenda.   d. Senate Meetings   Senate meetings will begin on time. Senate meetings will endeavor to end on time. Items requiring Senate voting will be discussed from 2-4 pm. Informational items may be presented after 4 pm if needed. Senators will have 3 minutes to present discussion points or comments on items. The Senate Chair or his/her designee reserves the right to stop a Senator from speaking after 3 minutes.  All questions will be answered in turn prior to returning to someone who has spoken previously on the same topic.  Agenda items will have a time attached to them. At the end of the time allotted, a Senator may make a motion to continue the discussion and Senate will vote on the motion. The motion must contain a time limit for the extension. Meeting materials will be sent out in advance of the meeting   e. Senator Responsibilities    Senators are expected to attend all regular and called Senate meetings. Meetings start at 2:00 pm and Senators are expected to be in their seats by starting time. Meeting materials must be read prior to the meeting. Known absences need to be reported to the Senate office as soon as possible. Each senator\u2019s attendance will be recorded via a sign in sheet. After 2 absences, Senators will be notified of their attendance. After 3 absences, the Senate Chair may invoke the option of removing the Senator from his/her seat.   f. Executive Committee Member Responsibilities   Executive Committee (EC) meetings will begin on time (1PM). They will usually be held on the first and last Wednesdays of each month. Members are expected to arrive on time and stay for the duration of the meeting Known absences need to be reported to the Senate office/Vice-Chair as soon as possible. After 2 absences, Senators will be notified of their attendance. After 3 absences, the Senate Chair/Vice-Chair may invoke the option of removing the Senator from his/her seat on the Executive Committee. Materials will be sent out prior to the meeting and members are expected to read them prior to the meeting to allow for more effective use of the meeting time. EC members will have 3 minutes to present discussion points or comments on items. The Senate Chair or the Chair\u2019s designee reserves the right to stop a Senator from speaking after 3 minutes. All questions will be answered in turn prior to returning to someone who has spoken previously on the same topic.  It is expected that EC members will pass pertinent information on to their constituents. External visitors, including committee reporting functions, are primarily scheduled on the \u201cfirst Wednesday\u201d meeting.   g. Faculty Senate Committee Member Responsibilities    Committee Members must respond to messages from the Faculty Senate officers and the Committee Chair. Attendance at all meetings by Committee Members is expected so that members are able to effectively represent their faculty member constituency. If a member cannot attend, e-mail discussion is encouraged. Members are expected to participate actively in committee discussion whether face-to-face or virtual, and to work to complete the committee charges. After 2 missed meetings or discussions, committee members will be notified of their lack of attendance. After 3 absences the Committee Chair may invoke the option of removing the committee member from his/her committee membership.   h. Committee Chair Responsibilities    Committee Chairs are responsible for facilitating the work of the committee and achieving the charges given to the Committee. Committee Chairs are responsible for recording attendance and informing the Senate officers or Committee on Committees chair, as appropriate, in the event that a Committee Member is removed from committee membership or resigns. Chairs should inform the Committee on Committees of any membership changes in a timely manner so that the vacant positions can be filled and all faculty groups can have equal representation. The Senate Office is available to assist with setting up meetings and also make a room available for meetings if needed. The Senate Office is also available to resolve conflicts in a committee. If the committee is charged, the chair should call a meeting at least once per semester. Chairs should submit an interim report of activities in February and a final report at the end of the spring semester (or, in a timely manner) to the Executive Committee.   Section 2: Voting Groups Voting groups of the Faculty Senate shall be appointed according to Article II of the Faculty Senate Charter (they need to be revised and reapportioned every three years). The voting groups of the Faculty Senate (2016-2019) shall be:  Group I   CAS-Department of World Lang, Lit, & Cultures CAS-Technical Communication CAS-Philosophy and Religion Studies CAS-Spanish CAS-Women\u2019s and Gender Studies CVAD-Art Education/Art History  CVAD-Design CVAD-Studio Art JOUR-Mayborn School of Journalism General  Group II  CAS-English COI-Learning Technologies COI-Library and Information Sciences COI-Linguistics UNT Libraries    Group III   CAS-Mathematics CAS-Physics ENG-Computer Science and Engineering ENG-Electrical Engineering ENG-Engineering Technology ENG-Materials Science and Engineering ENG-Mechanical and Energy Engineering ENG-Biomedical Engineering    Group IV   CAS-Economics CAS-Political Science CAS-Psychology CAS-International Studies CAS-Teach North Texas Honors College PACS-Behavior Analysis PACS-Community and Professional Programs PACS-Criminal Justice PACS-Public Administration PACS-Emergency Management & Disaster Science    Group V   CMHT-Hospitality and Tourism Management CMHT-Merchandising and Digital Retailing CMHT-Merchandising & Hospitality Management COB- Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law COB-Accounting COB-Information Technology & Decision Sciences COB-Management COB-Marketing & Logistics    Group VI   CAS-History COE-Educational Psychology COE-Counseling and Higher Education COE-Kinesiology, Health Promotion and Recreation COE-Teacher Education and Administration    Group VII   CAS-Biological Sciences CAS-Chemistry CAS-Communication Studies CAS-Geography & the Environment CAS-Sociology CAS-Anthropology PACS-Applied Gerontology PACS-Disability and Addictions Rehabilitation PACS-Audiology & Speech Language      Group VIII   CAS-Dance and Theatre Arts CAS-Media Arts MUSIC- Music History, Theory and Ethnomusicology MUSIC-Composition Studies MUSIC-Conducting & Ensembles MUSIC-Instrumental Studies MUSIC-Jazz Studies MUSIC-Keyboard Studies MUSIC-Music Education MUSIC-Vocal Studies                     Part B: Standing and Elected Committees Functions, Composition, and Terms  The Faculty Senate Procedures Manual Part B: Standing and Elected Committees of the Senate supplements the charter and bylaws of the faculty senate. It lists current Standing Committees and Elected Committees of the UNT Faculty Senate and by functions, composition, and membership terms.  Charter and bylaws of the UNT Faculty Senate overrule Faculty Senate Procedures Manual, in the event of conflicts.  1. Academic Affairs Committee  a. Functions. The Academic Affairs Committee shall study and make recommendations to the senate on university policy concerning admission standards of entering undergraduate students, admission standards of transfer undergraduate students, suspension, probation and dismissal of students for academic reasons, standards for graduation, the awarding of honors to graduates, and any other academic concerns that may be assigned by the senate.   b. Composition. The Academic Affairs Committee shall consist of 12 members: eight faculty members elected by the senate, one academic dean elected by the academic deans, and one student appointed by the Student Government Association, and the vice president for academic affairs or his/her designee, and an appointee from the registrar. Administrators will be ex officio non-voting. The chair of the committee shall be approved by the Faculty Senate Executive Committee after being elected by the members of the committee.  c. Terms. The term for a faculty member of the committee shall be three years with an option of renewing for a second three year term. The term of the student member and the academic dean shall be one year.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at:http://facultysenate.unt.edu/academic-affairs-committee  2. Committee on Committees a. Functions.The committee shall nominate members of other Faculty Senate committees and shall appoint members of administrative committees when requested by the university administration, subject to the approval of the senate. The Committee on Committees shall nominate representatives of the Faculty Senate to administrative councils of the university. Nominations to senate committees may also be suggested for consideration to the Committee on Committees by senators who are not themselves members of the Committee on Committees. In addition to nominees brought forward by the Committee on Committees, other nominations to senate committees and for appointment to administrative committees may be made from the floor of the senate during its meetings.  b. Composition.The Committee on Committees shall consist of one senator from each of the nine constituency groups of the senate, elected by fellow senators in that group, plus the chair, vice chair and the secretary of the senate. Each May following the election of new senate officers, the committee shall elect a chair from among its continuing members to serve a one-year term that begins immediately upon election.  c.   Terms.The term of each elected member of the Committee on Committees shall be two years from their election to the committee in September and shall continue until the beginning of the September meeting two years later. The members\u2019 terms should be staggered so that no more than half the members rotate off at a given time. Upon first (or subsequent) implementation of the staggering of committee members' terms, the allocation of one year and two year terms shall be conducted by lot.  3. Committee on Evaluation of University Administrators  a. Functions. The Committee on Evaluation of University Administrators shall develop policies and procedures, including evaluative instruments, pertaining to the evaluation of university administrators for the improvement of administrative functioning. No administrator (including chairs) shall be involved in opening faculty responses to questionnaires for the evaluation of administrators. The surveys will be administered in the fall each year and completed by November 30th. b. Composition. This committee shall consist of 12 persons: eight tenured faculty members or librarians on five-year contracts elected by the senate (one from each Faculty Senate voting group) and four university administrators appointed by the Provost. Administrators are ex-officio non-voting members. The voting members of the committee shall elect a chair from among the voting members. c. Terms. The term of each member shall be three years. The terms of the faculty members shall be staggered so that no more than three expire in any given year. Terms are three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms. d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at:      http://facultysenate.unt.edu/committee-evaluation-university-administrators  4. Committee on Faculty Participation in Governance   a. Functions. The Committee on Faculty Participation in Governance shall ensure that all academic units have a faculty-approved charter for the purpose of governance within the unit. Each academic unit shall file a copy of its charter with this committee for review. The committee shall be responsible for reporting to the Faculty Senate any cases where governance charters are not being followed and shall be responsible for carrying out charges made by the Faculty Senate regarding such cases.   b. Composition. The committee shall consist of 10 members: eight senators (one elected from each of the eight senate voting groups), a faculty member selected by the University Review Committee, and one faculty member selected by the University Tenure and Promotion Committee. The committee shall elect a chair from among its members.   c. Terms. Each senator's term on this committee shall coincide with his/her Faculty Senate term at the time of election. No faculty member shall serve more than three consecutive years on this committee.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at:  http://facultysenate.unt.edu/committee-faculty-participation-governance  5.  Committee on the Status of Women  a. Functions. The Committee on the Status of Women shall study university, state and federal civil rights and equal-employment laws and regulations regarding the status of women in the university community. The Faculty Senate authorizes the committee to request information on all alleged abuses of said laws and regulations including requesting evidence from any person in the university who has been responsible for recruitment, promotion and establishment of salary of other faculty members or employees. The committee may also request information on any other alleged discriminatory policy affecting the status of women in the university community. The committee may give information and evidence to the University Review Committee on its own volition or when requested to do so and reports to the Faculty Senate.   b. Composition. The Committee on the Status of Women shall consist of eight faculty members representing a variety of academic disciplines nominated by the Committee on Committees and approved by the Faculty Senate, and two at-large members.   c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms.  The chair of the committee shall be elected from and by the members of the committee.  d. Charges.  Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at:  http://facultysenate.unt.edu/committee-status-women            Charges 2014-2015  To obtain from the Provost's Office and other appropriate sources data listed below, to compile and report those data to the Faculty Senate, and to participate in additional projects for data* dissemination and follow-up.  To co-sponsor/co-host events for the advancement of women faculty with other groups on campus.  We will establish connections with other campus-wide organizations that address gender-related concerns, such as the Office of Equity and Diversity, the Women\u2019s Faculty Network, the Committee on the Status of People of Color, and the Committee on the Status of LGBT Faculty. To report to the Faculty Senate issues of concern the Committee on the Status of Women may have with respect to implementation of its recommendations.   6. Committee on the Status of LGBT Faculty  a. Functions.  The Committee on the Status of LGBT faculty shall study university, state and federal civil rights and equal-employment laws and regulations regarding the status of LGBT faculty in the university community. They will investigate how visibility of the LGBT communities on campus can be enhanced to provide a better picture of what it would be like for a prospective UNT citizen who belongs to an LGBT community to thrive and succeed at UNT.  b. Composition. The committee shall consist of eleven members, one from each voting group, the chair of the committee who will be elected by a simple majority of the Committee for a 3 year term; 2-3 faculty at-large positions; 3 lecturers (ex officio non-voting) representing the 3 ranks of lecturers; 2-3 staff members (ex officio non-voting); 2 graduate students  involved in some form with faculty-like employment (e.g. teaching assistants, teaching fellows and research assistants); and a representative from the Vice President\u2019s Office of Equity and Diversity.  c. Terms.  Faculty from voting groups will have 3 year terms and the at-large positions will be for 1 year and are renewable at the discretion of the Committee.  Non-voting members will be approved by the Committee and will serve for a one year term.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/committee-status-lgbt-faculty     7. Committee on the Status of People of Color   a. Functions.Interact with relevant committees and obtain data necessary to perform functions of the committee. Meet with the Committee on the Status of Women to discuss resources the committee uses and identify common areas to work together on. Identify pertinent sources of information available at UNT and among our peers. Study university, state and federal civil rights and equal-employment laws and regulations regarding the status of people of color in the university community. Identify concerns and submit recommendations for further actions to the Faculty Senate     b. Composition.  The committee on the status of people of color shall consist of five faculty members representing a variety of academic disciplines nominated by the Committee on Committees and approved by the Faculty Senate.   c. Terms. The regular term of a member of the committee shall be three years. The chair of the committee shall be elected from and by the members of the committee.   d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at:  https://facultysenate.unt.edu/committee-status-people-color  8. Fine Arts Series Committee a. Functions. The Fine Arts Series Committee shall be responsible for developing and sponsoring a program of cultural and performing arts, featuring nationally prominent artists, for presentation on the campus.   b. Composition. The Fine Arts Series Committee shall be composed as follows: Five faculty members appointed by the Faculty Senate; five staff members appointed by the UNT Staff Council; two ex officio faculty or staff members appointed by the Vice President for Student Development; 6 student representatives appointed by President of the UNT Student Government Association, and 2 graduate students appointed by the Graduate Student Council. The term of service of committee members shall be three years, with the exception of student members whose terms shall be one year. The Vice President for Student Development shall designate one of the two ex officio members he/she names to the committee to serve as co-chairperson of the committee. The student co-chairperson of the committee shall be appointed by the President of the Student Government Association.   c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms. Terms shall be staggered so that the terms of no more than three members expire in any given year. The term of each student member shall be one year.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/fine-arts-series-committee  9. Faculty Awards Committee  a. Functions. The Faculty Awards Committee shall select from nominations outstanding faculty members as candidates for citations and awards in recognition of distinguished teaching, scholarly/creative activity or service. The committee also shall seek information on awards, post-doctoral fellowships, foreign study opportunities and similar off-campus activities that are designed to reward or improve scholarly effectiveness. The committee shall have the responsibility of keeping the faculty informed of such opportunities.  b. Composition. This committee shall consist of 10 members: one faculty from each of the eight senate voting groups, and two at-large members, all elected by the Faculty Senate. The committee shall elect a chair from among its members.   c. Terms. Terms are three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/faculty-awards-committee 10. Faculty Development Leave Committee a. Functions. The Faculty Development Leave Committee shall review applications for development leave and make recommendations to the vice president for academic affairs concerning the granting of such leaves in accordance with the provisions and procedures in the Policy Manual of the University of North Texas.  b. Composition. The Faculty Development Leave Committee shall be composed of eight members. Each of the eight Faculty Senate voting groups shall elect one tenured faculty member or librarian on five-year contract. The committee shall elect a chair from among its members.   c. Terms. The terms of each member of the committee will be three years. Terms should be staggered so that the terms of no more than three members expire in a single year. If a member of the Faculty Development Leave Committee resigns, goes on leave, or is otherwise unable to serve during any semester of his or her service on the committee, the chair of the Faculty Development Leave Committee will notify the Faculty Senate to direct the election of a replacement member to serve during the period that the regularly elected member is unable to serve.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/faculty-development-leave-committee  11.  Faculty Mentor Committee   a. Functions. The Faculty Mentor Committee shall serve as an advisory committee that meets once each semester for the purpose of promoting the mentoring concept among faculty members and making recommendations for the mentor program. The committee shall disseminate information about mentoring to encourage participation by faculty and staff. The committee shall also set guidelines and criteria for mentor service, forwarding appropriate information to the personnel affairs committee regarding such service.   b. Composition. The committee shall consist of eleven members: nine faculty members elected by the senate (one from each senate voting group and one at-large), the staff member from the Dean of Students Office responsible for the Mentoring Program (ex officio non-voting), and one student selected by the Student Association (ex officio non-voting). The committee shall elect a chair from among its voting members.   c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms. The term for the staff member shall be three years. The term of the student member shall be one year.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/faculty-mentor-committee  12. Faculty Policy Oversight Committee   a. Functions The functions of the Faculty Policy Oversight Committee are to:  Review the information relevant to faculty contained in the Policy Manual of the University of North Texas. Receive suggested changes to policy from the faculty and other appropriate sources. Recommend revisions, deletions, and additions to UNT policies. Provides policy recommendations to the Faculty Senate Executive Committee for further action.   b. Composition.This committee shall consist of ten members. The Faculty Senate Executive Committee shall appoint eight faculty members (one from each Faculty Senate group). One additional faculty member shall be appointed by the Faculty Senate Executive Committee to serve as the committee\u2019s faculty chair. The Provost/VPAA shall appoint one ex-officio member who will serve as the administrative co-chair of the committee. The Provost/VPAA appointee is a voting member if they are a full-time faculty member with no \u201cadministrative service\u201d workload, otherwise that appointee is nonvoting.  c. Terms.The terms for faculty members are three years in length and faculty members may serve no more than two consecutive terms. The Provost/VPAA appointee shall serve at the pleasure of the provost.  d. ChargesVPAA Academic Affairs Policies  Monitor review cycle for all Academic Affairs policies. Make recommendations to Vice President for Academic Affairs (VPAA) for policies that need to be developed, revised, or deleted.  Provide oversight of Academic Affairs policy development and policy revision. Make policy recommendations to Faculty Senate Executive Committee. Present monthly updates to Faculty Senate about recommendations approved by the Faculty Senate Executive Committee and other policy related items. Communicate policy changes to constituent groups.  Non-Academic Affairs Policies  Review and provide recommendations on policies that have an impact on faculty and/or the curriculum.   13. Faculty Research Committee  a. Functions. The Faculty Research Committee shall study policy governing faculty research and make recommendations to the senate; implement policy developed by the committee and approved by the senate in the allocation of state appropriated funds for faculty research; and in the coordination of the university's research effort, carry on diligent efforts to locate and secure non-appropriated funds to support faculty research and keep all of the faculty informed about funds available for research.   b. Composition. This committee shall consist of 13 members: eight tenured faculty members elected by the senate (one from each senate voting group), three At-Large Executive Committee representatives, the dean of the Toulouse Graduate School, and the Vice President for research who will serve as administrative co-chair of the committee. Administrators will serve as ex-officio non-voting members. The faculty chair of the committee will be appointed by the Executive Committee and has the authority to appoint ad hoc up to two additional non-voting members, subject to majority approval of the Faculty Research Committee and the Faculty Senate Executive Committee, for the purpose of advising on issues and activities. No more than one faculty member may be elected from any sub-unit within a senate voting group.  c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms.  d. ChargesCommittee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/faculty-research-committee    Charges 2014-2015  Assess and report biannually (November and May) to the Faculty Senate on UNT\u2019s progress toward reaching its goal of achieving national research university status.  Advise the Office of Research and VPR on policies and procedures designed to help UNT\u2019s research faculty meet annual timeline goals designed to move UNT forward from emerging research university status to national research university status.  Gather faculty feedback regarding research support at all university levels and report action items to the Office of Research and VPR, the Provost, and the Faculty Senate Advise the Office of Research and VPR on research priorities and infrastructure investments that might help the university to national research university status.  Encourage faculty research, scholarship, and creative achievement in every academic unit by advocating for Faculty Senate, university and unit policies that reward excellence in research, scholarship, and creative achievement. Participate in a self-evaluation process regarding the role and function of the Faculty Research Committee in relation to the Office of Research and VPR, and recommend new charges as the committee deems appropriate.   14.  Faculty Salary Study Committee a. Functions. The Faculty Salary Study Committee shall (1) study, on a continuing basis, the salary structure for all faculty employed by the university; (2) compare the faculty salary structure of the university with other comparable universities in the state and nation; (3) investigate and determine the criteria used by the university administration in awarding salary increases based on market adjustment and the correction of existing inequities; (4) recommend to the senate general criteria to be used in establishing salaries for all faculty; and (5) publish the findings of the committee. The published findings shall show for each rank in each of the various divisions, departments and schools of the university, the highest, the lowest, the median and the mean salary. The findings also shall show differences in salary between men and women on the faculty who have the same degree qualifications and experiences.   b. Composition. This committee shall consist of 11 faculty members elected by the Faculty Senate according to the following: one member from each of the eight senate voting groups and three members elected at large. Elections shall be such that no single subunit is represented by more than one member. The committee shall elect a chair from among its members.  c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/faculty-salary-study-committee  15. Faculty Senate Charter and Bylaws Committee  a. Functions.The Charter and Bylaws Committee shall review the charter and bylaws of the Faculty Senate, propose additions, modifications and deletions to the charter and bylaws are needed and make recommendations to the Faculty Senate Executive Committee concerning proposed changes in the charter and bylaws introduced by senators. The committee shall make changes in titles of offices and of academic units in the bylaws as they occur. All such changes shall be reported to the Faculty Senate Executive Committee, which will approve their presentation to the full senate for a first reading. Faculty Senators will have a full month to review the changes and discuss with their constituents, and will make a vote during the next Faculty Senate meeting.  b. Composition.The Charter and Bylaws Committee shall consist of three senators elected by the Faculty Senate. The committee shall elect a chair from among its members.  c. Terms.The term of each member shall end the day before the September meeting following the expiration of his/her senate term. Terms are three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/faculty-senate-charter-and-bylaws-committee  16. Faculty Senate Budget Committee a. Functions. The Faculty Senate Budget Committee is designed to keep the faculty abreast of university budget issues and assist university administrators in deciding budgetary allocations. Accordingly, this committee shall (1) acquire complete information from appropriate administrative units regarding historical, current, and proposed university budgets; (2) study university budget information to interpret historical and current trends of the budget and budget allocations; (3) provide input to the Faculty Senate on university budget matters; (4) work with the vice president for academic affairs to devise systematic procedures for allocating the academic budget to colleges, schools and other appropriate units, and monitor such allocations; and (5) provide information and advice to the Chancellor, President, Provost, and Vice President for Finance and Business Affairs regarding budgetary matters.   b. Composition. The committee shall consist of eight faculty members elected by the senate (one from each of the senate voting groups, with preference for at least three senators on the committee at all times). Two at-large members are also elected. The committee will elect a chair from among its members.   c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms.  Terms shall be staggered so that the terms of no more than three members expire in any given year.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: https://facultysenate.unt.edu/faculty-senate-budget-committee  17.  Graduate Council   a. Functions. The Graduate Council formulates all policies and regulations affecting graduate programs, graduate faculty and graduate curricula at the University of North Texas. The Graduate Council monitors all graduate programs in the university to ensure that they are periodically reviewed and reevaluated. The Graduate Council reports in writing to the Faculty Senate all recommendations affecting graduate programs, graduate faculty, and graduate curricula, including but not limited to curricula modifications, program monitoring and evaluation, and program publicity.   b. Composition.  The Graduate Council consists of voting and non-voting members. The voting members are: eight graduate status faculty members, one elected from each of the eight voting groups of the Faculty Senate and four graduate status faculty members appointed at-large by the Faculty Senate (with the assistance of the Executive Committee and the Committee on Committees.) Effort will be made so that the appointed at-large members represent disciplines not already represented by the elected members. These twelve faculty members are the only voting members on the Graduate Council. Voting members elect a faculty chair from amongst themselves for a one year term at the beginning of each academic year. Non-voting members are: two graduate students selected by the Graduate Student Council, the vice provost of the Toulouse Graduate School (who serves as this Council\u2019s co-chair ex officio), the associate dean of the Toulouse Graduate School, the registrar, and deans or their representatives from each of the colleges, schools, and library.  c. Terms.  Faculty members shall serve three-year terms with a second three-year term available. Student members shall serve one-year terms. Other members shall serve during the period they hold their respective offices. Annual terms are from September 1 to August 31.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/graduate-council   18. Oversight Committee of the Core Curriculum  a. Functions. The Oversight Committee of the Core Curriculum shall be responsible for overseeing changes in the core curriculum according to procedures authorized by the Faculty Senate. The committee shall review and evaluate all changes to the core as recommended by the appropriate school or college. The committee shall be responsible for working with the Office of the Core Curriculum to develop a method of assessing the core curriculum.  The committee shall also review documentation on Core Course evaluations as defined by the Faculty Senate and provided by departments to ensure that they are consistent with the spirit of the Core Curriculum.  The committee will consult as needed with faculty on the development and submission of applications and assessment plans for new Core courses and/or changes to existing Core courses.  b. Composition.The committee shall consist of 11 voting members. A majority of the voting members will be tenured faculty. The committee must have one representative from each group, as well as 3 at-large members. A faculty co-chair shall be appointed from among the voting members of the committee by the Senate Executive Committee. The office of the Provost will designate an administrative co-chair of the committee who will serve as an ex-officio non-voting member. The committee may include a non-voting graduate student member.  c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms. Terms shall be staggered so that the terms of no more than four members expire in any given year. d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/oversight-committee-core-curriculum-occc          Charges 2014-2015  Develop, test, implement and document a method for Communal Assessment. Finalize the rubrics for Communication and Personal Responsibility. Document the standards, policies and procedures for requesting additions and/or changes to the Core Curriculum.   19. Teaching Fellows/Teaching Assistants Committee a. Functions. The Teaching Fellows/Teaching Assistants Committee shall develop recommended procedures for the selection of outstanding teaching fellows and teaching assistants and shall recommend an appropriate number of awards. The committee shall also select the recipients of the awards. b. Composition. The Teaching Fellows/Teaching Assistants Committee shall be composed of eight members elected by the senate from each of the senate voting groups. The committee shall elect a chair from among its members.   c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms. Terms will be staggered such that no more than three vacancies are created in any one year.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at:   http://facultysenate.unt.edu/teaching-fellowsteaching-assistants-committee    20.  University Elections Committee   a. Functions. The University Elections Committee shall conduct and supervise the election of senators and any other election assigned to it by the senate.  b. Composition. The University Elections Committee shall consist of eight faculty elected by the Faculty Senate. At the time of election, the Executive Committee shall designate the chair of the committee from among the committee members.   c.Terms. Terms of office for the University Elections Committee are three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms. Terms shall begin and end on the second Wednesday of the September academic year.   d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at:  http://facultysenate.unt.edu/university-elections-committee 21. University Library Committee   a. Functions. The University Library Committee shall function as an advisory body with respect to library policies, programs, resources and facilities; act as a liaison between the library staff and the academic community including university administration, faculty, students and other clienteles; and function in support and promotion of library needs and usage.   b. Composition. This committee shall be composed of 14 members: eight faculty members, one from each senate voting group elected by the Faculty Senate; a representative from the ranks of full-time lecturers; one undergraduate student selected by the Student Association; one graduate student appointed by the Graduate Student Council; one alumnus appointed by the vice president for development, the dean of the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies (ex officio); and the dean of libraries (ex officio). Administrators are non-voting members. The committee shall elect a chair from among the faculty voting members of the committee.  c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms. Terms of faculty members will be staggered so that the terms of no more than three faculty members expire in any given year. Students shall serve one-year terms. Alumni shall serve two-year terms.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/university-library-committee  22. University Undergraduate Curriculum Committee a. Functions.  Undergraduate Curriculum Review The University Undergraduate Curriculum Committee (UUCC) is the primary institutional faculty body that oversees and reviews curriculum from an institutional perspective.  The UUCC helps ensure that the University\u2019s curriculum and the processes and procedures by which it is reviewed and approved are consistent and appropriate.  In its work, the Committee is concerned with the academic integrity of the institution and the quality of course and programmatic offerings.  The oversight and review roles recognize that the university\u2019s academic programs are diverse and that this diversity will be reflected in their curriculum.  The UUCC helps ensure that the University \u201cplaces the primary responsibility for content, quality, and effectiveness of its curriculum with its faculty\u201d as required by SACS-COC.  The UUCC will:  Develop and implement specific procedures for the evaluation of courses and programs from an institutional perspective for inclusion in UNT's curriculum.  Make recommendations in a timely manner to the Faculty Senate\u2019s Executive Committee and the Faculty Senate so that decisions regarding the curriculum follow appropriate processes and meet relevant deadlines.  This ensures predictability and consistency for academic programs planning for implementation.  Administration The UUCC will:  Work with all appropriate Faculty Senate committees and other leadership bodies across campus on changes and improvements to UNT's curriculum. Review and renew the committee charges in keeping with changes to reporting, compliance, or internal calls for improvement or other modifications. Report to the Faculty Senate on decisions made and issues arising in the oversight and review of the curriculum.  b. Composition.The University Undergraduate Curriculum Committee (UUCC) is comprised of:  18 faculty members approved by the Faculty Senate: two faculty members representing each Faculty Senate voting group plus two at-large faculty members three students selected by the Student Government Association the deans of those colleges and schools that offer an undergraduate curriculum or their designees the dean of the library or his/her designee a member of the Oversight Committee on the Core Curriculum (OCCC) the registrar a designee of the Office of the Provost (also serving as co-chair)  All faculty members must have experience dealing with curricular issues at the department or college/school level within the previous three years of their election to the UUCC. The following restrictions shall apply to the selection of committee members: (1) no more than one faculty member may be elected from any sub-unit within a Faculty Senate voting group; and (2) the three student members shall represent different areas of study. Voting rules:  All 18 faculty members approved by the Faculty Senate are voting members. Student members will be non-voting members. The registrar and the OCCC representative will be a non-voting ex-officio member. Deans and their designees that have full or part-time administrative appointments will be non-voting ex-officio. Designees who are full time faculty members or librarians will be ex-officio voting. The administrative co-chair will be non-voting.   Chairs:There shall be a faculty Chair who shall be elected by the voting members of the UUCC at the September meeting of the committee. The Office of the Provost will designate an administrative co-chair who will facilitate the work of the committee by gathering and presenting documents for meetings and other preparatory functions and serve as the convener of the committee. c. Terms. The term of a faculty member of the committee shall be three years with a second three-year term available. The term of student members shall be one year. d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/university-undergraduate-curriculum-committee 2014-2015 Charges:  Document undergraduate curriculum review/approval processes in conjunction with Oversight Committee on Core Curriculum and Registrar\u2019s Office. Evaluate inactive courses in Undergraduate Catalog in conjunction with Curriculum Committees in each college. Recommend reductions in duplicate curriculum offerings.   23. University Writing Committee.  a. Functions. The University Writing Committee shall manage and advocate for the University Writing Awards Competition.  b. Composition.The committee shall consist of:  One representative from each College and School (nominated by the Deans) One representative from the University Writing Lab (nominated by the Director) One representative from the Rhetoric and Composition Program of the English Department (nominated by the Director) One at-large faculty member (nominated by the Faculty Senate)  The Faculty Senate must approve all nominations. As required by the Faculty Senate Bylaws, one of the committee members shall be a Faculty Senator. The committee shall elect its own chair among its members.    c. Terms.The terms of the faculty members of the committee shall be three years, staggered so that no more than three vacancies are created in any one year. The terms of the administrative members are not limited.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: https://facultysenate.unt.edu/university-writing-committee Charges 2014-2015  Advertise the University Writing Award Competition Select awards\u2019 recipients of the University Writing Award Competition in accordance with established policies, guidelines, and procedures, and send a list of the recipients to the Faculty Senate in time to present the awards at Honors Day. Disseminate information about recent awards\u2019 recipients throughout the University. Review policies, guidelines, and procedures for the University Writing Award Competition, and make recommendations for changes as appropriate. Make other recommendations for action to the Faculty Senate as appropriate. Provide an internal Procedures Manual of the University Writing Committee to all committee members. Provide an interim report to the Faculty Senate Executive Committee and an annual report to the Faculty Senate Executive Committee and to the Faculty Senate.    Part C: Inactive or Former Committees of the Faculty Senate  24.   Faculty Load Committee          (For FY2013-2014, replaced with an ad hoc writing committee for workload policy)  a. Functions. The Faculty Load Committee shall study all aspects of faculty responsibility and make recommendations to the vice president for academic affairs for establishment of guidelines to be used in determining equitable loads in terms of teaching, scholarly/creative activity, administrative responsibility, etc.   b. Composition. The Faculty Load Committee shall consist of 10 members: eight faculty members elected by the Faculty Senate and two ex officio non-voting members. Each faculty member of the committee shall represent one of the eight senate voting groups. The two ex officio members shall be designated by the vice president for academic affairs. The committee shall elect a chair from among its voting members.   c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/faculty-load-committee  25. Committee on Benefits         (Inactive for three years. Functions taken over by the state of Texas) a. Functions. The Committee on Benefits shall (1) study all possibilities for improving benefits for the faculty of the university and make recommendations regarding such benefits and the relationship between such benefits and faculty salaries to the appropriate university agency or official; (2) receive and evaluate all suggestions of possible benefits made by individuals or groups; and (3) consult with existing committees working on benefits and compensation within the framework of local chapters of professional organizations.  b. Composition. This committee shall consist of 10 members: eight faculty members elected by the senate and two ex officio non-voting members. The eight faculty members shall represent the eight senate voting groups. All academic ranks shall be represented on the committee. Ex officio non-voting members of the committee are the vice president for finance and business affairs and the human resources director. The committee shall elect a chair from among its voting members.    c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/committee-benefits  26. Scholarship Committee  a. Functions. The Scholarship Committee shall be responsible for determining and interpreting policy relating to university scholarships and grants-in-aid; screening of candidates and awarding of university scholarships; and exploring possibilities for increasing scholarship funds.   b. Composition. This committee shall consist of 13 members: eight faculty members (one from each of the senate voting groups) elected by the Faculty Senate; one member appointed by the director of the Office of Development; one member appointed by the director of the Office of Financial Aid; two students selected by the Student Association; and the director of the University Scholarship Office, ex officio, who shall serve as chair of the committee.    c. Terms. The term of each faculty member shall be three years in length and members may serve no more than two consecutive terms. The member appointed by the vice president for development and the member appointed by the director of the Office of Financial Aid shall serve three-year terms. The student members shall serve one-year terms.  d. Charges.Committee charges are listed on the Faculty Senate website at: http://facultysenate.unt.edu/scholarship-committee                  Contact Us:      Faculty Senate      1121 Union Circle P.O. Box 311190 Denton, TX 76203 USA  Voice: 940-565-2053   Fax: 940-565-4709    Visit Us: Hurley Administration Building, Suite 115  http://facultysenate.unt.edu/              Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. facultysenate@unt.edu               UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on May 4, 2017  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness           
p2
t.