(S'http://facultysuccess.unt.edu/faculty-showcase'
p1
V        Faculty Showcase | Office for Faculty Success                           Skip to main content               Home  Teaser Menu » Home Showcase Resources Events Newsletters About Us   Main menu » Awards & Recognition »  Awards & Recognition Faculty Awards Overview Toulouse Scholar Award UNT Foundation Awards University Distinguished Professorships Regents Professor Teaching Awards Research Awards Service Awards Salute to Faculty Excellence Event   Resources »  Resources Events Newsletters Professional Development »  Professional Development ACE Fellows Chair Academy Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Faculty Development Leave Faculty Writing Group Harvard Institutes for Higher Education Leadership Fellows Leadership Texas Mentoring National Center for Faculty Development & Diversity   Faculty Climate Survey Academic Resources Teaching Resources Research Resources Employee Resources Campus Administration Resources Other University Resources Faculty Senate Faculty Information System Resources for Chairs   Tenure and Promotion »  Tenure and Promotion Tenure and Promotion Overview Workshops Recently Promoted Faculty, Lecturers and Librarians Tenure and Promotion Forms   Salute to Faculty Excellence »  Salute to Faculty Excellence 2016 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2016 Award Winners 2015 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2015 Award Winners 2014 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2014 Award Winners 2013 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2013 Award Winners   Faculty Climate Survey »  Faculty Climate Survey Climate Faculty Survey Overview Executive Summary Climate Task Force Members Climate Survey Questionnaire Climate Survey Key Findings Key Findings by Variables Key Findings by College Request for Climate Survey Data   Workshops & Events »  Workshops & Events FacultyConnect: Getting Started on Research and Grants FacultyConnect: New Faculty Orientation FacultyConnect: Meet the Provost FacultyConnect: Mentoring Luncheons FacultyConnect: Pathway to Promotion for Lecturers FacultyConnect: Pathway to Tenure and Promotion for Tenure-System Faculty FacultyConnect: Socials FacultyConnect: Work Life Balance Beyond Tenure Faculty Development Leave Getting Engaged Internationally Preparing for Retirement Productive Writing Strategies Salute to Faculty Excellence in Research Salute to Faculty Excellence in Teaching Teaching Excellence Seminars Training and Celebrating Faculty Mentors   Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives »  Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Black Faculty Network International Faculty Network La Colectiva LGBT Faculty Network National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity Women's Faculty Network (WFN)            Search form  Search                Office for Faculty Success         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Office for Faculty Success              Home Showcase Resources Events Newsletters About Us          Expand Menu  Collapse Menu        Awards & RecognitionFaculty Awards Overview Toulouse Scholar Award UNT Foundation Awards University Distinguished Professorships Regents Professor Teaching Awards Research Awards Service Awards Salute to Faculty Excellence Event  ResourcesEvents Newsletters Professional DevelopmentACE Fellows Chair Academy Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Faculty Development Leave Faculty Writing Group Harvard Institutes for Higher Education Leadership Fellows Leadership Texas Mentoring National Center for Faculty Development & Diversity  Faculty Climate Survey Academic Resources Teaching Resources Research Resources Employee Resources Campus Administration Resources Other University Resources Faculty Senate Faculty Information System Resources for Chairs  Tenure and PromotionTenure and Promotion Overview Workshops Recently Promoted Faculty, Lecturers and Librarians Tenure and Promotion Forms  Salute to Faculty Excellence2016 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2016 Award Winners 2015 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2015 Award Winners 2014 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2014 Award Winners 2013 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2013 Award Winners  Faculty Climate SurveyClimate Faculty Survey Overview Executive Summary Climate Task Force Members Climate Survey Questionnaire Climate Survey Key Findings Key Findings by Variables Key Findings by College Request for Climate Survey Data  Workshops & EventsFacultyConnect: Getting Started on Research and Grants FacultyConnect: New Faculty Orientation FacultyConnect: Meet the Provost FacultyConnect: Mentoring Luncheons FacultyConnect: Pathway to Promotion for Lecturers FacultyConnect: Pathway to Tenure and Promotion for Tenure-System Faculty FacultyConnect: Socials FacultyConnect: Work Life Balance Beyond Tenure Faculty Development Leave Getting Engaged Internationally Preparing for Retirement Productive Writing Strategies Salute to Faculty Excellence in Research Salute to Faculty Excellence in Teaching Teaching Excellence Seminars Training and Celebrating Faculty Mentors  Diversity and Inclusion InitiativesBlack Faculty Network International Faculty Network La Colectiva LGBT Faculty Network National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity Women's Faculty Network (WFN)               Home Showcase Resources Events Newsletters About Us  Awards & RecognitionFaculty Awards Overview Toulouse Scholar Award UNT Foundation Awards University Distinguished Professorships Regents Professor Teaching Awards Research Awards Service Awards Salute to Faculty Excellence Event  ResourcesEvents Newsletters Professional DevelopmentACE Fellows Chair Academy Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Faculty Development Leave Faculty Writing Group Harvard Institutes for Higher Education Leadership Fellows Leadership Texas Mentoring National Center for Faculty Development & Diversity  Faculty Climate Survey Academic Resources Teaching Resources Research Resources Employee Resources Campus Administration Resources Other University Resources Faculty Senate Faculty Information System Resources for Chairs  Tenure and PromotionTenure and Promotion Overview Workshops Recently Promoted Faculty, Lecturers and Librarians Tenure and Promotion Forms  Salute to Faculty Excellence2016 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2016 Award Winners 2015 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2015 Award Winners 2014 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2014 Award Winners 2013 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2013 Award Winners  Faculty Climate SurveyClimate Faculty Survey Overview Executive Summary Climate Task Force Members Climate Survey Questionnaire Climate Survey Key Findings Key Findings by Variables Key Findings by College Request for Climate Survey Data  Workshops & EventsFacultyConnect: Getting Started on Research and Grants FacultyConnect: New Faculty Orientation FacultyConnect: Meet the Provost FacultyConnect: Mentoring Luncheons FacultyConnect: Pathway to Promotion for Lecturers FacultyConnect: Pathway to Tenure and Promotion for Tenure-System Faculty FacultyConnect: Socials FacultyConnect: Work Life Balance Beyond Tenure Faculty Development Leave Getting Engaged Internationally Preparing for Retirement Productive Writing Strategies Salute to Faculty Excellence in Research Salute to Faculty Excellence in Teaching Teaching Excellence Seminars Training and Celebrating Faculty Mentors  Diversity and Inclusion InitiativesBlack Faculty Network International Faculty Network La Colectiva LGBT Faculty Network National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity Women's Faculty Network (WFN)        Faculty Showcase           Dr. Saraju Mohanty Named Editor-in-Chief of Consumer Electronics Magazine   Mar 21, 2017   Dr. Saraju Mohanty of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering has been named the new Editor-in-Chief of Consumer Electronics, the magazine of the IEEE Consumer Electronics Society.   Read More        Dr. Spencer Keralis Wins Award and Scores Invitation to Serve Summer Residency   Mar 21, 2017   Spencer Keralis, Research Associate Professor and  Head of Digital Humanities and Collaborative Programs at UNT Libraries, recently was awarded the Texas Library Innovative Outreach Award. He\u2019s also been invited to serve a summer residency at the Queer Zine Archive Project in Milwaukee. These residencies are invitation only, and only a few invitations are issued each year. While in residence, Dr.   Read More        National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity   Dec 22, 2016   UNT faculty, staff, and graduate students are now able to participate in the online programming offered by the National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity (NCFDD).   Read More        Dr. Cynthia Mohr, named recipient of the International Interior Design Association Leadership Award of Excellence   Dec 21, 2016   Cynthia Mohr, Professor and Chair of UNT\u2019s Design Department in the College of Visual Arts and Design, was recently named as this year\u2019s recipient of the International Interior Design Association Leadership Award of Excellence. Professor Mohr\u2019s professional work includes experiences in both residential and contract design.   Read More        Dr. Meredith Clark and Colleagues Awarded Grant to Study #BlackLivesMatter   Oct 31, 2016   Meredith Clark, Assistant Professor in the Mayborn School of Journalism, and two of her colleagues have had a $30,000 grant funded by the Spencer Foundation for a study about the    Read More        Salute to Faculty Excellence Week   Sep 30, 2016   This year\u2019s Salute to Faculty Excellence, a week-long celebration of the many ways UNT faculty excel, will begin September 19. Here is the schedule of the week\u2019s events, includingthe annual Salute to Faculty Excellence Awards Dinner and Ceremony on September 22.   Read More        Amelia Kraehe named to Prestigious Editorship   Sep 30, 2016   Amelia Kraehe, Assistant Professor of Art Education, was recently elected to serve as the Editor of    Read More        Lessons Learned: Best and Worst Teaching Moments   Sep 30, 2016   How do college instructors learn to teach effectively? Many entered the classroom with trepidation and minimal formal preparation. Along the way, there were both uphill climbs and high points. Each instructor\u2019s journey is a tale of lessons learned from success and failures.   Read More        Annual Open Access Symposium   Mar 16, 2016   UNT\u2019s annual Open Access Symposium, featuring presentations and interactive sessions led by researchers and librarians based in the US, Canada, UK, and the Netherlands from various fields of study, begins the afternoon of Thursday, May 19, with a keynote by Dan Morgan (publisher of Collabra).   Read More        FacultyConnect Work-Life Balance Workshop   Dec 22, 2015   Balancing the demands of a fast-paced and challenging workplace with one's personal life is an ongoing challenge with which all faculty members must grapple. Sponsored by the Office for Faculty Success, UNT's Work-Life Balance Workshop was held January 29 in the new University Union. The speakers, all experts in their fields, focused on time management, healthy living, stress management, and more. The workshop speakers included:   Read More        Teaching Excellence Seminar   Dec 14, 2015   UNT\u2019s Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign (CLEAR) holds the Teaching Excellence Seminar at the beginning of every long semester and is intended to educate and inform new instructors on UNT policies and best practices in teaching and learning.   Read More        Pre-Finals Week, Reading Day, and Final Exams   Dec 1, 2015   As per UNT Policy 15.2.16, pre-finals week refers to the seven calendar days preceding the final week of each fall and spring semester and is designated so that students can adequately prepare for their final exams.    Read More        CLEAR: Final Exam Delivery on Blackboard   Nov 30, 2015   As finals week is quickly approaching, the Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign (CLEAR) would like to provide faculty with a few tips on test settings within Blackboard Learn. The attached CLEAR Faculty Tip Sheet provides an overview of the Test Availability options available when adding a test to a course along with CLEAR's best recommendations for making wise selections.   Read More        Call for Nominations for Academic Affairs Fellow (deadline December 1)   Nov 13, 2015   The Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs is seeking applications, nominations, and/or suggestions of full-time tenured faculty members interested in a Spring semester 2016 administrative internship, which may be extended further based upon support available and mutual agreement. This development program is designed to offer faculty members opportunities to explore career options in academic administration. The nomination deadline is December 1, 2015.   Read More        Call for Faculty Awards   Nov 12, 2015   In recognition of faculty excellence, the UNT Foundation, the Office of the Provost and the Office for Faculty Success are pleased to announce the call for the 2016 faculty awards. Please consider nominating your colleagues for one of the awards listed below.   Read More        Student Perceptions of Teaching (SPOT)   Oct 29, 2015   Student Perceptions of Teaching (SPOT) is the new student evaluation system for UNT. Developed and offered by the University of Washington (IASystem®), this proven system offers both online and paper administration options, as well as evaluation forms that support different pedagogical formats (e.g., large lecture, online, studio). This system also offers many benefits to obtain an overall assessment of the course and instructor.   Read More        Digital Fabrication Research Symposium   Oct 27, 2015   UNT will be hosting the North Texas Fabrication Group\u2019s Digital Fabrication Research Symposium on Nov. 5th from noon to 5:00 p.m. in Willis Library\u2019s The Factory on the first floor. For details about this event click here.    Read More        FacultyConnect: Getting Started on Research Grants and Support   Oct 14, 2015   Interested in learning about how to get grant funding for your research and what support there is for you? Representatives from the Office of Research Services will answer all of your questions at a FacultyConnect event on Monday October 19 from 3:00 p.m. \u2013 5:00 p.m.   Read More        Professors Dornith Doherty and Armin Mikler Discuss Their Award Winning Research   Oct 13, 2015   The winners of the 2015 Research Leadership Awards, Professor Dornith Doherty of Studio Art and Professor Armin Mikler of Computer Science and Engineering, each discussed their research at the Salute to Faculty Excellence in Research and Creative Activity on September 30, 2015. Click here for video.    Read More        Beyond Tenure Workshop   Sep 25, 2015    Earning tenure is certainly a noteworthy milestone, but it is important to think beyond this milestone to a next one \u2013 promotion to Professor (and even greater success as a faculty member). On Tuesday, October 6,  a session called \u201cBeyond Tenure\u201d was held. Three senior faculty members shared ideas on pathways to success, and how to begin planning and preparing now for this next step. Watch the recorded workshop here.     Read More        Emeritus College Invites Faculty to Teach: Deadline for Spring 2016 Class Proposal Form   Aug 25, 2015     UNT's highly successful Emeritus College (EC) would like to invite faculty and qualified graduate students to teach in the Spring 2016 session. The Emeritus College is in its 7th year offering non-credit classes specifically designed for adults 50 and older. The mission of the Emeritus College is to provide a broad range of educational activities and intellectual stimulation for faculty and the community. The classes are an excellent way to showcase the exciting work going on at UNT.   Read More        Teaching Excellence Handbook 2015-2016 Edition   Aug 24, 2015   The 2015-2016 edition of the Teaching Excellence Handbook has been released. This handbook serves as an important resource for faculty who are responsible for instructional activities at UNT. In this comprehensive guide, we have compiled important university information and helpful tips that will assist you in carrying out your teaching responsibilities. Whether you are a first-time Lecturer or an experienced Full Professor, we hope that this handbook is a useful aid.   Read More        First Flight Faculty and Student Luncheon   Aug 6, 2015   As part of this year's First Flight Week, faculty are invited to interact with incoming students in a low stress environment during lunch in the dining halls. This will be an opportunity for students and faculty to connect with each other prior to the start of the fall semester. As faculty, you may be asked questions about what students can expect in their first classes, or the students may just want to learn more about you. You may also learn something about the students!   Read More        Dr. Saraju Mohanty Serves as the Chair of the Technical Committee on Very Large Scale Integration (TCVLSI)    Jun 22, 2015   Dr. Saraju Mohanty has been appointed to serve as the Chair of the Technical Committee on Very Large Scale Integration (TCVLSI) for the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE).   Read More        National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) 2016 Summer Stipend Program   Jun 5, 2015   The Office for Faculty Success is accepting nominations for the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) Summer Stipend Program for projects beginning May 2016.   Read More    Pages1234next \u203alast »                       Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-3987 faculty.success@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 06, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 06, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.