(S'http://facultysuccess.unt.edu/salute-faculty-excellence-2016-winners'
p1
V          Salute to Faculty Excellence 2016 Winners | Office for Faculty Success                           Skip to main content               Home  Teaser Menu » Home Showcase Resources Events Newsletters About Us   Main menu » Awards & Recognition »  Awards & Recognition Faculty Awards Overview Toulouse Scholar Award UNT Foundation Awards University Distinguished Professorships Regents Professor Teaching Awards Research Awards Service Awards Salute to Faculty Excellence Event   Resources »  Resources Events Newsletters Professional Development »  Professional Development ACE Fellows Chair Academy Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Faculty Development Leave Faculty Writing Group Harvard Institutes for Higher Education Leadership Fellows Leadership Texas Mentoring National Center for Faculty Development & Diversity   Faculty Climate Survey Academic Resources Teaching Resources Research Resources Employee Resources Campus Administration Resources Other University Resources Faculty Senate Faculty Information System Resources for Chairs   Tenure and Promotion »  Tenure and Promotion Tenure and Promotion Overview Workshops Recently Promoted Faculty, Lecturers and Librarians Tenure and Promotion Forms   Salute to Faculty Excellence »  Salute to Faculty Excellence 2016 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2016 Award Winners 2015 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2015 Award Winners 2014 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2014 Award Winners 2013 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2013 Award Winners   Faculty Climate Survey »  Faculty Climate Survey Climate Faculty Survey Overview Executive Summary Climate Task Force Members Climate Survey Questionnaire Climate Survey Key Findings Key Findings by Variables Key Findings by College Request for Climate Survey Data   Workshops & Events »  Workshops & Events FacultyConnect: Getting Started on Research and Grants FacultyConnect: New Faculty Orientation FacultyConnect: Meet the Provost FacultyConnect: Mentoring Luncheons FacultyConnect: Pathway to Promotion for Lecturers FacultyConnect: Pathway to Tenure and Promotion for Tenure-System Faculty FacultyConnect: Socials FacultyConnect: Work Life Balance Beyond Tenure Faculty Development Leave Getting Engaged Internationally Preparing for Retirement Productive Writing Strategies Salute to Faculty Excellence in Research Salute to Faculty Excellence in Teaching Teaching Excellence Seminars Training and Celebrating Faculty Mentors   Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives »  Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Black Faculty Network International Faculty Network La Colectiva LGBT Faculty Network National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity Women's Faculty Network (WFN)            Search form  Search                Office for Faculty Success         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Office for Faculty Success              Home Showcase Resources Events Newsletters About Us          Expand Menu  Collapse Menu        Awards & RecognitionFaculty Awards Overview Toulouse Scholar Award UNT Foundation Awards University Distinguished Professorships Regents Professor Teaching Awards Research Awards Service Awards Salute to Faculty Excellence Event  ResourcesEvents Newsletters Professional DevelopmentACE Fellows Chair Academy Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Faculty Development Leave Faculty Writing Group Harvard Institutes for Higher Education Leadership Fellows Leadership Texas Mentoring National Center for Faculty Development & Diversity  Faculty Climate Survey Academic Resources Teaching Resources Research Resources Employee Resources Campus Administration Resources Other University Resources Faculty Senate Faculty Information System Resources for Chairs  Tenure and PromotionTenure and Promotion Overview Workshops Recently Promoted Faculty, Lecturers and Librarians Tenure and Promotion Forms  Salute to Faculty Excellence2016 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2016 Award Winners 2015 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2015 Award Winners 2014 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2014 Award Winners 2013 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2013 Award Winners  Faculty Climate SurveyClimate Faculty Survey Overview Executive Summary Climate Task Force Members Climate Survey Questionnaire Climate Survey Key Findings Key Findings by Variables Key Findings by College Request for Climate Survey Data  Workshops & EventsFacultyConnect: Getting Started on Research and Grants FacultyConnect: New Faculty Orientation FacultyConnect: Meet the Provost FacultyConnect: Mentoring Luncheons FacultyConnect: Pathway to Promotion for Lecturers FacultyConnect: Pathway to Tenure and Promotion for Tenure-System Faculty FacultyConnect: Socials FacultyConnect: Work Life Balance Beyond Tenure Faculty Development Leave Getting Engaged Internationally Preparing for Retirement Productive Writing Strategies Salute to Faculty Excellence in Research Salute to Faculty Excellence in Teaching Teaching Excellence Seminars Training and Celebrating Faculty Mentors  Diversity and Inclusion InitiativesBlack Faculty Network International Faculty Network La Colectiva LGBT Faculty Network National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity Women's Faculty Network (WFN)               Home Showcase Resources Events Newsletters About Us  Awards & RecognitionFaculty Awards Overview Toulouse Scholar Award UNT Foundation Awards University Distinguished Professorships Regents Professor Teaching Awards Research Awards Service Awards Salute to Faculty Excellence Event  ResourcesEvents Newsletters Professional DevelopmentACE Fellows Chair Academy Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Faculty Development Leave Faculty Writing Group Harvard Institutes for Higher Education Leadership Fellows Leadership Texas Mentoring National Center for Faculty Development & Diversity  Faculty Climate Survey Academic Resources Teaching Resources Research Resources Employee Resources Campus Administration Resources Other University Resources Faculty Senate Faculty Information System Resources for Chairs  Tenure and PromotionTenure and Promotion Overview Workshops Recently Promoted Faculty, Lecturers and Librarians Tenure and Promotion Forms  Salute to Faculty Excellence2016 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2016 Award Winners 2015 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2015 Award Winners 2014 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2014 Award Winners 2013 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2013 Award Winners  Faculty Climate SurveyClimate Faculty Survey Overview Executive Summary Climate Task Force Members Climate Survey Questionnaire Climate Survey Key Findings Key Findings by Variables Key Findings by College Request for Climate Survey Data  Workshops & EventsFacultyConnect: Getting Started on Research and Grants FacultyConnect: New Faculty Orientation FacultyConnect: Meet the Provost FacultyConnect: Mentoring Luncheons FacultyConnect: Pathway to Promotion for Lecturers FacultyConnect: Pathway to Tenure and Promotion for Tenure-System Faculty FacultyConnect: Socials FacultyConnect: Work Life Balance Beyond Tenure Faculty Development Leave Getting Engaged Internationally Preparing for Retirement Productive Writing Strategies Salute to Faculty Excellence in Research Salute to Faculty Excellence in Teaching Teaching Excellence Seminars Training and Celebrating Faculty Mentors  Diversity and Inclusion InitiativesBlack Faculty Network International Faculty Network La Colectiva LGBT Faculty Network National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity Women's Faculty Network (WFN)        Salute to Faculty Excellence 2016 Winners       Salute to Faculty Excellence 2016 Winners Congratulations to the recipients of the major UNT awards for 2015-16 listed below, all of whom will be honored at the Salute to Faculty Excellence Dinner and Award Ceremony on September 22. Please join us at the fall event to celebrate these inspirational faculty members and their great accomplishments. The event will be held at the Hub Club at Apogee Stadium, with a reception at 6:30 and the awards ceremony beginning at 7:00 pm. UNT Foundation Eminent Faculty Award: T. David Mason, Regents Professor in the Department of Political Science David Mason is the Johnie Christian Family Peace Professor, Regents Professor of Political Science, and Director of UNT's undergraduate Peace Studies Program. He is co-founder of UNT\u2019s Castleberry Peace Institute, the only peace science and human security research center in the southern United States. He has served as Associate Editor and as the Editor in Chief of International Studies Quarterly, the flagship journal of the International Studies Association. He is the author of Caught in the Crossfire: Revolution, Repression, and the Rational Peasant, and co-editor of What Do We Know About Civil Wars? He also co-edited Conflict Prevention and Peacebuilding in Post-War Societies. His works on how the civil conflict process works have had lasting impact on the field, including \u201cThe Political Economy of Death Squads\u201d, which continues to be cited regularly over 25 years after its publication, and \u201cHow Civil Wars End\u201d which also continues to be cited regularly 20 years after its publication. His work earned him sufficient recognition among his peers that, following the events of September 11, 2001, he was one of fifteen scholars from leading universities around the world who were named to the American Political Science Association\u2019s Task Force on Political Violence. In 2007, he was awarded a grant to write a monograph Sustaining the Peace After Civil War for use in the Army War College\u2019s curriculum. His works have been published in the leading journals in political science, including American Political Science Review, Journal of Politics, Political Research Quarterly, Social Science Quarterly, International Studies Quarterly, Journal of Conflict Research, and Journal of Peace Research, to name but a few.   UNT Foundation Faculty Leadership Award: Narendra B. Dahotre, University Distinguished Research Professor in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering Dr. Dahotre is University Distinguished Research Professor and former Chairman of the Department of Materials Science and Engineering. Prior to joining UNT he held a joint faculty appointment with Oak Ridge National Laboratory and the Department of Materials Science and Engineering of the University of Tennessee-Knoxville. He was the Director of the Center for Laser Applications at the University of Tennessee Space Institute, and a leader in the creation of the Joint Center for Advanced Photonic Processing and of the Manufacturing Demonstration Facility at Tennessee. He has been recognized for his pioneering contributions to fundamental understanding and engineering of laser-materials interactions along with implementation of high power lasers in materials processing and advanced manufacturing, additive manufacturing, and machining. His research has generated funding support in excess of $7.5 million from government and industrial organizations. He is the author of 4 books and has edited 13 others, has been issued 16 U.S. patents, and has published nearly 300 articles in professional journals. He has mentored many Master\u2019s and Ph.D. students, as well as numerous post-doctoral fellows. Additionally, he has been elected a fellow of 9 organizations, including the American Institute of Medical and Biological Engineering, the World Innovation Foundation, and the National Academy of Inventors. Dr. Dahotre is Editor-in-Chief of International Journal of Additive and Subtractive Materials Manufacturing and currently serves on 8 editorial boards of other refereed journals. He is Professor Brahm Prakash Visiting Chair at Department of Materials Engineering at the Indian Institute of Science and has been invited as a Guest Professor to universities in China and India. Among many other awards, he is the recipient of 2013 TMS\u2013Materials Processing and Manufacturing Division Distinguished Engineer/Scientist Award and the2006 R&D 100 Award.   UNT Foundation Community Engagement Award: M. Jean Keller, Professor in the Department of Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Dr. Jean Keller is Professor of Kinesiology and Health Promotion. She previously served as Provost and Deputy Vice Chancellor for Transition at UNT Dallas. For 15 years, she served as Dean of UNT\u2019s College of Education. Prior to her career at UNT, she was as professor and Department Chair at the University of Georgia.  Dr. Keller has dedicated much of her work to under served school populations in the North Texas region who attend what are called \u201chard to staff schools\u201d in both urban and rural districts and to underrepresented students in colleges and allied health professions. She values diversity, fosters collaboration, and serves as a catalyst for change. Several common themes \u2013 data driven, student-centered, results-oriented, best practices, and public-private partnerships - are evident in her major service initiatives. Her work prepares students for academic success throughout their lives; it educates families to better prepare their children for good educations, jobs, and lives; and it saves taxpayers money when students complete degrees, earn credentials, and are ready for careers. As a leader with the North Texas Regional P-16 Council, which drives student success from early childhood education to careers in Collin, Dallas, Denton, and Tarrant counties, she is pleased with the recognition that it is the longest serving Council in the state of Texas. Dr. Keller\u2019s many notable accomplishments also include creating and implementing the Allied Health Pathways, a partnership with regional Early College High Schools, UNT, and UNT Health Science Center that has supported 18 Hispanic and African American males earn their Doctorates in Physical Therapy and become licensed therapists who are addressing health disparity issues in North Texas. She has written or edited eleven books and twelve refereed chapters, and authored over 100 articles. Dr. Keller has given over 300 presentations in the United States and several countries.   UNT Foundation Outstanding Lecturer Award: Wendy L. Watson, Senior Lecturer in the Department of Political Science   Wendy Watson, Senior Lecturer in Political Science, holds a JD and a Master\u2019s degree in Public Policy from the College of William and Mary as well as a Ph.D. from The Ohio State University. Dr. Watson teaches courses on American politics, constitutional law, public policy, and quantitative research methods. In addition, she serves as the university\u2019s pre-law advisor, assisting undergraduates with the decision to go to law school and the application process. Dr. Watson is an innovator when it comes to pedagogy, especially in the case of large sections. One example of this is a classroom simulation she designed to mimic a constitutional convention in the wake of a zombie apocalypse. Another example is a simulation of the Electoral College. According to her department chair this simulation \u201ctakes what is often seen to be a boring and archaic rule of the U.S. Constitution and transforms it into a clear description of why rules matter and how they affect election outcomes.\u201d Her colleagues also cite her work in establishing an Innocence Project clinic at UNT, through which law students and undergraduate interns work together to investigate innocence claims of those convicted of crimes. One colleague states that in the eyes of her students she is a \u201csuperb, dedicated, and passionate teacher\u201d who \u201cconstantly looks for ways to meet students where they are.\u201d Dr. Watson has been recognized for these innovations and for her passionate and effective teaching, winning the University Core Curriculum Innovation Award and with the J.H. Shelton Award for Teaching Excellence. Her publications include a documentary history of federal abortion politics, work on the privacy implications of forensic DNA databases, explorations of the Supreme Court\u2019s unpaid docket, and research on creating a more engaging teaching environment for large political science courses. In her spare time, she writes mysteries. Distinguished Research Professorship Valerie Martinez-Ebers: Professor, Political Science  Dr. Martinez-Ebers specializes in the politics of race and ethnicity as well as Latino political behavior and public opinion. Her research has been funded by numerous foundations including the National Science Foundation (three times) as well as the Ford, Carnegie, Russell Sage, Hewlett, Joyce and Anne E. Casey Foundations, and she is the only woman of color to have published in all the top-ranked general interest journals in political science.  A former Vice President of the American Political Science Association and former President of the Western Political Science Association,  Valerie currently directs the Latino and Mexican American Studies program at UNT and just recently finished her four-year tenure as co-editor of the American Political Science Review, the highest-ranked political science journal in the world (#1 out of 167 journals).       Distinguished Teaching Professorship: Robin K. Henson, Professor, Educational Psychology  Robin Henson focuses on applied behavioral statistics, research methods, and measurement. He has won the President\u2019s Council Teaching Award (2009), the COE Teaching Excellence Award (2013), and has been selected as an Honors Professor twice (2005, 2007).  His doctoral students have won the COE outstanding dissertation award four times, with an additional honorable mention. Robin\u2019s research has been cited well over 5000 times, and his students commonly mention his ability to make complex methodology topics conceptually meaningful.       Distinguished Teaching Professorship: Richard F. Reidy, Professor, Materials Science and Engineering  Dr. Reidy\u2019s research spans materials and processes used to make nanometer and atomic-scale electronic devices, coatings to permit jet turbine engines to be more efficient, body armor to stop high speed projectiles, and high pressure carbon dioxide and high temperature water to modify materials at the nanometer scale.  He believes that showing vulnerability and asking questions rather than making statements creates connections with students. He would like to thank his wife, family, students, and former teachers who inspired him to bring a sense of belonging and caring to the classroom and lab.           Distinguished Teaching Professorship: Lee E. Hughes, Associate Professor, Biological Sciences Dr. Lee Hughes specialize in microbiology and biology education and has a particular interest in involving undergraduate students in research experiences.  He has implemented or created several undergraduate research course experiences in order to expand these opportunities to more students.  Through his work in biology education, he has been recognized as an American Society for Microbiology (ASM) Distinguished Lecturer and has been elected chair of the ASM Microbiology Education division.     Ulys & Vera Knight Faculty Mentor Award: Teresa Golden, Professor, Chemistry Dr. Golden is a Professor of Chemistry who does research on the electrodeposition of nanomaterials    and studies the anti-corrosion properties of coatings. She has published over 90 journals articles and  book chapters. Dr. Golden is also the founding and current Director of UNT\u2019s nationally accredited Forensic Science Program. She works with various law enforcement agencies providing training and forensic research help. She loves working in the lab with students and enjoys mentoring them towards their scientific careers.          Research Leadership Award: Ram Dantu, Computer Science and Engineering, College of Engineering   Dr. Dantu has led research teams and has secured several NSF research awards with Columbia University, Purdue University, Texas A&M University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His research topics include Voice over Internet Protocol Security, Secured Next Generation 9-1-1 Services, and Internet of Things including Heart, Brain, Roads and Vehicles.  He has been able to demonstrate transformative and translated research impacting society.      Creative Impact Award: John Holt, Instrumental Studies, College of Music  John Holt is a consummate musician: performer, educator, and trumpet virtuoso. He is a champion of new and neglected works for the trumpet and of bringing them to the public in recital and recordings.  His CD Facets 4, released in 2016, was selected by the International Trumpet Guild for worldwide membership release.      Teacher/Scholar Award: Tom Scharf, Materials Science and Engineering, College of Engineering  Professor Scharf\u2019s primary research focus is on the processing and characterization of advanced ceramic, metallic and composite materials for aerospace, energy, and biomedical applications with support from the Air Force Research Laboratory, the National Science Foundation, the American Chemical Society, and Industry.  He has published 90 papers in refereed journals, graduated 7 Ph.D. and 9 Masters Students, and is active in teaching graduate and undergraduate courses in materials science and engineering, employing novel educational software to understand concepts.  He also serves on the Board of Directors of the Society of Tribologists and Lubrication Engineers and Wear of Materials, Inc. and is an Associate Editor of the Journal \u201cNanomaterials and Energy\u201d and Member of the Editorial Board for the journals \u201cWear,\u201d \u201cTribology Transactions\u201d and \u201cLubrication Science.\u201d   Early Career Award: Jacqueline DeMeritt, Political Science, College of Arts and Sciences  Dr. DeMerritt studies reasons and remedies for human rights abuse. She is particularly interested in the reasons that perpetrators obey orders to commit atrocities, and in how to stem such violence. She received tenure last year, and is thrilled to be attending the Salute to Faculty Excellence with her colleagues again this evening.         Toulouse Scholar Award: Saraju P. Mohanty, Department of Computer Science  Dr. Saraju P. Mohanty is a Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering whose research is in energy-efficient high-performance secure electronic systems. Prof. Mohanty holds 4 US patents and is an author of 200 peer-reviewed research articles and 3 books.  His book titled "Nanoelectronic Mixed-Signal System Design" published by McGraw-Hill in 2015 received 2016 PROSE (Professional & Scholarly Excellence) Award for best Textbook in Physical Sciences & Mathematics from the Association of American Publishers (AAP).      J.H. Shelton Excellence in Teaching Award: Andrew J. Torget, Assistant Professor, Department of History Dr. Torget is a historian of nineteenth-century North America and the director of a digital humanities research lab.  His innovations in digital scholarship have won several awards and research grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities, and he has been a featured speaker at Harvard, Stanford, Rice, Duke, Johns Hopkins, and the Library of Congress.  His most recent book -- Seeds of Empire: Cotton, Slavery, and the Transformation of the Texas Borderlands -- has won eight major awards and prizes.          President's Council Teaching Award: Nancy L. Stockdale, Associate Professor, Department of History Dr. Stockdale\u2019s specialty is Middle Eastern history, with an emphasis on gender and cross-cultural relations. She is the author of "Colonial Encounters Among English and Palestinian Women, 1800-1948," and is currently writing a book about representations of the Middle East in British and American entertainment. She is a co-founder of the Contemporary Arab and Muslim Cultural Studies Initiative at UNT, and is also editing a book on historical and contemporary floodways in the Middle East and North Africa.     President's Council Teaching Award: Gopala GG Ganesh, Department of Marketing and Logistics  Dr. Ganesh has been with UNT since 1983 and currently is University Distinguished Teaching Professor of Marketing. His major career accomplishment is building a multiple-national-level-award winning Marketing Metrics course to strengthen the marketing math skills of UNT undergraduates from the ground up. Starting with a small class of about 30 students, the course now enrolls between 450 to 500 students every calendar year. To date, Dr. Ganesh has published 1 book on Marketing Metrics and 48 refereed journal articles of which 9 showcase pedagogical research. He has also made 64 conference presentations including 40 pedagogical topics of which 16 are about the Marketing Metrics course alone.       'Fessor Graham Award: Michael Thompson, Department of Philosophy & Religion Dr. Thompson is a specialist in Modern Philosophy with an emphasis on Kant's philosophy. More particularly, he works on the history of philosophy mapping cognitive structures, the imagination specifically, that enable humans to think the way they do.  Teaching is his passion, and he finds reward when young minds grapple with something new for the first time. He has just finished his 5th year at UNT and has received several awards for teaching and advising all while publishing his first edited anthology on Kant's philosophy.        SGA Honor Professor Award: Doryce Judd, Department of KHPR  As a faculty member within the College of Education\u2019s Department of Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation, the students are Ms. Judd\u2019s main focus. To her, student success beyond graduation is important. She feels strongly that we must try to educate, inspire, and cultivate responsible citizens within our community.         SGA Honor Professor Award: Richard F. Tas, Department of Hospitality and Tourism Professor Richard Tas joined UNT\u2019s Department of Hospitality and Tourism Management in 1985, having completed his Ph.D. at Oklahoma State University in 1983. Dr. Tas is a well-respected scholar, having published numerous articles and scholarly notes in professional journals. His reputation for excellence in the classroom is remarkable \u2013 he has won nearly every teaching award UNT has. His accolades include being named University Distinguished Research Professor, and being selected for UNT\u2019s President\u2019s Council Teaching Award, the \u2018Fessor Graham Award, the Pioneer Award for Distributed Learning, and the Top Prof Award, among others. Dr. Tas will retire in August 2016, having touched many, many lives.      UNT Outstanding Online Teacher & Course Award: Lisa Henry, Department of Anthropology As an applied medical anthropologist, Dr. Henry\u2019s research interests include globalization and health, indigenous healing systems, biomedicine and healthcare delivery, and anthropology in public health.  She is currently doing research with the Denton Hunger Coalition and recently completed a collaborative project funded by the North Texas Food Bank investigating factors that influence food security in North Texas.  Her regional specializations are the U.S. and the Pacific Islands.  She co-led a 3-week study abroad trip to Fiji this summer on culture and community development.         Exemplary Online Teacher & Course Award, Judith Bradetich, Department of Educational Psychology Judi Bradetich, Senior Lecturer of Human Development and Family Studies in the Department of Educational Psychology, has been teaching at UNT since 2009.  She enjoys the creative process of active engagement and thrives on dynamically relating to others, particularly through the art and act of teaching. She was recognized by the College of Education as Outstanding Lecturer in 2012, and recently presented a Pecha Kucha at the Salute to Faculty Excellence in which she revealed her secret life as a professional musician, former preschool teacher and mother of four.          UNT Piper Professor Nominee Award: John Quintanilla, Department of Mathematics John Quintanilla is a Professor of Mathematics, a University Distinguished Teaching Professor, and an undergraduate adviser for the Department of Mathematics. He was a founding co-director of Teach North Texas, UNT\u2019s program for preparing secondary teachers of mathematics and science. He received the UNT President\u2019s Council University Teaching Award in 2004, the Texas Section of the Mathematical Association of America Distinguished College or University Teaching of Mathematics Award in 2005, and the UNT President\u2019s Council University Service Award in 2010.         President's Council University Service Award, John G. Peters, Department of English Dr. Peters is a University Distinguished Research Professor of English. His primary research is in late-19th and early 20th-century British literature, particularly the works of Joseph Conrad. He is the former President of the Joseph Conrad Society of America and is currently General Editor of Conradiana, the oldest journal devoted to Joseph Conrad studies. Along with his professional service, Professor Peters has served UNT in various capacities, as Interim and Acting Department Chair, Associate Department Chair, Chair the University Library Committee, Chair of the University Academic Affairs Committee, Secretary of the University Promotion and Tenure Committee, and member of the Faculty Senate and its Executive Committee.     Citation for Distinguished International Service Award, Carmen Terry, Department of World Languages, Literature's, and Cultures Carmen Terry specializes in study abroad programs and her passion is teaching and getting students to love the German language and culture. She has received several teaching awards, in 2014, the UNT Teaching Award and in 2013 the National Teaching Award from AATG (American Association of Teachers of German) and the Goethe Institute for promoting German in the US. She also was the recipient of several stipends that allowed her to attend continuing education seminars         UNT Community Award, Linda Holloway, Department of Disability & Addiction Rehab Dr. Holloway\u2019s passion is ensuring that everyone has the right to achieve their life goals.  A part of this is helping to overcome the stigma and prejudice that many individuals with disabilities face - particularly those with "hidden" disabilities such as autism spectrum, mental health, and substance use disorders.  She loves working with students to translate research to practice by giving them an opportunity to use their knowledge and skills to facilitate this growth.        Bob Roger Service & Community Engagement Award, Darhyl Ramsey, College of Music  Dr. Ramsey is very dedicated to the training of teachers in instrumental music education to become successful band (orchestra and choir) directors in the public schools at both the Undergraduate and Graduate levels.  He is committed to authentic experiences in teacher training prior to the student teaching experience for our teacher preparation undergraduates.  It is through the Start Up the Band program that he is able to provide those real-life experiences for our UNT students while also preparing fifth-grade students from the Title I schools in the Denton Independent School District an opportunity to participate in a head-start type program in preparation for band membership when they reach the Middle School level. He is also very concerned with social justice issues such as poverty and homelessness as is reflected through my work with Interfaith Ministries of Denton County, where he serves as the chair of the Board of Directors.The City of Denton has become my home and he has tried to make it a better place through serving on the Board of Leadership Denton, and Chair of the Civil Service Commission for the City.                                Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-3987 faculty.success@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 06, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 06, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.