(S'http://www.opgf.unt.edu/distinct.htm#rotary'
p1
V   Distinctive Undergraduate Scholarships   Distinctive Undergraduate Scholarships   Some distinctive scholarships for  which UNDERGRADUATES are eligible: The following examples of undergraduate scholarship programs  possess self-evident value and distinction. They also provide  important credentials for persons who aspire to compete for any  of the several postgraduate fellowship opportunities described  on this site. For instance, undergraduates whose research has  been funded through the McNair Program, the Truman Foundation,  or the Barry M. Goldwater Foundation stand to impress postgraduate  scholarship panels with the already-contributive nature of their  work and scholarly prospects. Similarly, undergraduates who take advantage of study-abroad  programs and scholarships can speak with greater authority in  a Rhodes, Marshall, or Fulbright application about the foreign  universities and programs of study pertinent to their research  plans. The Office of Postgraduate Fellowships urges students to  contact the UNT International Programs Office (565-2207) to ask  about opportunities for study aborad.  Deadlines may  vary from year to year. Confirmation is the responsibility of  the applicant.  Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship  The Goldwater Scholarship    and Excellence in Education Program was authorized by the    United States Congress in 1986 to honor Senator Barry M. Goldwater,    who has served his country for 56 years as a soldier and statesman,    including 30 years of service in the U.S. Senate. The Barry M.    Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation    is authorized to award undergraduate scholarships to eligible    students for study in the fields of mathematics and the natural    sciences as preparation for careers in these areas. Students    may also pursue those engineering disciplines that contribute    significantly to the technological advances of the United States.    The enabling legislation was aimed at alleviating a critical    current and future shortage of scientists and mathematicians.    The Foundation will award undergraduate scholarships to outstanding    students in the spring for use during the following academic    year.    Requirements: These awards    will be made on the basis of merit to two groups of students--to    sophomores who will be college juniors in the following academic    year and to juniors who will be college seniors in the following    academic year. "Sophomore" is defined as a student    who plans two more years of full-time undergraduate study beginning    in September of the year in which the grant would be awarded.    At UNT students must have a G.P.A. between 3.8 and 4.0. Scholars    must maintain full-time standing and continue in good academic    standing. The applicant must be a U.S. citizen, a resident alien,    or in the case of nominees from American Samoa or the Commonwealth    of the Mariana Islands, a U.S. national. Nominations from resident    aliens must include a letter of the nominee's intent to obtain    U.S. citizenship. It is expected that students selected as scholars    will pursue advanced degrees. Students who plan to study medicine    are eligible for a Goldwater Scholarship if they plan a research    career rather than a career as a medical doctor in a private    practice. The University of North Texas may nominate up to four    students who are currently sophomores or juniors. The Foundation    will not solicit or accept applications directly from candidates.    Amount of Grant: Each    scholarship covers eligible expenses for tuition, fees, books,    and room and board, up to a maximum of $7,500 annually. Scholarship    monies not used during one academic year are not transferrable    to the succeeding academic year. Junior-level scholarship recipients    are eligible for a maximum of two years of scholarship support    and senior-level scholarship recipients are eligible for a maximum    of one year of scholarship support. Senior-level scholarship    recipients who were nominated as juniors and then extend the    length of time to earn their baccalaureate degree must be renominated    during the next year's competition.    Deadline: To allow the    University of North Texas Faculty Screening Committee to judge    the relative merits of applications and assemble requisite nomination    dossiers, all applications must be submitted by October 8 c/o    the Office of Postgraduate Fellowships, Chestnut Hall 117. This    will permit the screening committee sufficient time to meet its    January 12 mailing deadline. Students having an interest in this    award should contact Dr. James Duban, Director, Office of Postgraduate    Fellowships, at (817) 565-2820, or obtain further information    from the Goldwater Scholarship Review Committee, P.O. Box 6330,    Princeton, NJ 08541-6330.     Priyanka Agarwal (2000),  Daniel Birt (2003),     Leian    Chen (2000),      Stephen Chen (2002),        Derek Choi (2001),     Shinjita Das (2003),       Mabel Feng (2002),       Marcos    Flores (2000),          Patrick    Goodwill (1998),         Haley Hagg (2001),      Robert Adam Horch (2001),          Jason Keith    (1999),       Justin    Kugler (1999),        Anthony    Leung (1996),        Vivian Liang (1996),  Andrew S. Liu (2003),   Chieu Nguyen (2004),        Christopher    Own (1997),         Priscilla Pang (2002),        Anneke    Post (1998),       Alison    Rogers (1998),         Shaun Stewart (2001)    Jason    Tibbels (1996), and     Emily    Witten (1999)                            have received the Goldwater    Scholarship.    The Morris K. Udall Scholarship in  National Environmental Policy  The Morris K. Udall Scholarship    and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation    was authorized by the United States Congress in 1992 to honor    Congressman Morris K. Udall and his legacy of public service.    For three decades, Congressman Udall served his country with    distinction and honor. Congressman Udall has had a lasting impact    on this Nation's environment, public lands, and natural resources    and has instilled in this Nation's youth a love of these resources.    Congressman Udall has also championed the rights of Native Americans    and Alaska Natives and used his leadership in the Congress to    strengthen tribal self-governance. The Udall Foundation pays    tribute to the leadership and vision of Congressman Udall and    establishes in his name programs to encourage the continued use,    enjoyment, and exploration of our Nation's rich and bountiful    natural resources; to develop resources to properly train Native    Americans and Alaska Natives in the areas of health care and    tribal public policy; and to develop resources to properly train    professionals in environmental public policy.    Under the enabling legislation, the Morris K. Udall Scholarship    and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation is    authorized to award scholarships to undergraduate students who    intend to pursue careers related to environmental public policy    and to Native American and Alaska Native undergraduates who intend    to pursue careers in health care and tribal public policy. Typical    areas of study include environmental engineering, the natural    sciences, natural resource management, the social sciences, and    Native American public policy. It is anticipated that candidates'    plans of study will include course work in ethics and public    policy and/or public or community service experiences in the    area of the candidates' career fields.    In awarding scholarships, the Foundation Board of Trustees    will consider the student's field of study and career objectives    and the extent to which that individual has the commitment and    potential to make a significant contribution to his or her field.    Requirements: To be considered    for nomination as a Udall Scholar, a student must:     Be a matriculated sophomore or junior pursuing a degree at      the time of nomination. "Sophomore" is defined as a      student who plans two more years of full-time undergraduate study      beginning the next academic year. "Junior" is defined      as a student who plans one more year of full-time undergraduate      study beginning the next academic year.      Have a college grade-point average of at least "B"      and be in the upper fourth of his or her class.      Be a United States citizen or a permanent resident alien.     All candidates must be nominated by their college or university.    The Foundation will not accept applications directly from candidates.    Amount of Grant: Each    scholarship covers eligible expenses for tuition, fees, books,    and room and board, up to a maximum of $5000. Scholarship recipients    are eligible for one year of scholarship support. Scholars selected    during their sophomore year may be renominated during the next    year's competition. Junior nominees may not be renominated.    Dates: The deadlines for    submitting completed applications to the UNT Faculty Screening    Committee is February 5. Dr. Duban    will provide students with copies of the application materials.    Jeffrey Crow    (1998) was a Morris    Udall Summer Intern. Emily    Witten (1999) was a Morris    K. Udall Scholar.    Rotary Ambassadorial and Cultural Scholarships   The primary objective of these scholarships is to promote international understanding, as scholars are expected to serve as ambassadors of goodwill during the term of their scholarships.   Academic-Year Ambassadorial Scholarship. Candidates may be of any age as long as they have completed two years of university study or appropriate professional experience prior to the commencement of the scholarship. This award provides funding for transportation, tuition, fees, room and board and limited language training (as assigned by The Rotary Foundation) up to a specified financial limit for one academic year of full-time study in another country. The current value of the award is $26,000.  Cultural Scholarship. This scholarship may be either a three- or six-month award for intensive language training and cultural immersion in another country. Applications will be considered for candidates interested in studying Arabic, English, French, German, Hebrew, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Mandarin Chinese, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Swahili or Swedish.   Eligibility requirements for Cultural Ambassadorial Scholarships are the same as those for Academic-Year Ambassadorial Scholarship, with the additional requirement that candidates have at least one year of university level training or equivalent experience in their proposed language. This award provides tuition and fees, reasonable room and board (usually home stay accommodations) and the cost of round-trip transportation up to a designated limit.   Excerpted from the Rotary Foundation website.   When students win, their departure is delayed by a year.  For example, a student who wins an Ambassadorial Scholarship in the spring of 2006 will not travel abroad in 2006-2007, but rather in 2007-2008.   Students interested in this scholarship should contact Dr. James Duban  (jduban@unt.edu).    Judy Anderson    (1999),       Michael Atkins (2002),            Elizabeth    Crafton (2001),   Jared M. Crebs (2003),   Chad    Davidson (1999),   Kelly Doley (2004),   Laura Dominguez (2004),   Audrey    Easley (1999),  Rachel E. Harris (2004),       Rosie Hatch (2002),           William    Haywood (2001),          Lynsay Houchen (2002),      Laura    Howe (2001),       Jacqueline Keggins (2002),        Patricia Lozoya (2002),        Angela    Lynch (1999),   Katharine F. Park (2003),   Tanya    Schuessler (1998),   Sandra Tyson (2003),   Devon C. Wootten (2003),  and    Tamaki Yanagita (2002)          are Rotary     Scholars.    University of North Texas Ronald E.  McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement Program  Named after Challenger astronaut Ronald    E. McNair, the Ronald E. McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement    Program prepares UNT students who aspire to doctoral study.    The UNT McNair program    offers students opportunities to nurture their academic goals.    To ensure success in the classroom and with themselves, students    attend skill-building seminars that enhance their ability to    achieve while helping them evaluate their own academic and personal    profiles.    Selected students receive stipends    to conduct research under the guidance of faculty mentors from    the disciplines in which they hope to pursue graduate study.    Upon concluding their fellowships, the students formally present    their research to faculty and peers.    Requirements: Low-income,    first generation college students are invited to submit an application    to this program. Students are selected on the basis of their    potential for pursuing doctoral studies. UNT sophomores, juniors,    and seniors with a cumulative GPA of 2.7 or above may apply.    Students who wish to be considered should submit an application    to the program. Interested students must provide the following    information: (1) a completed application for the McNair program;    (2) a current UNT transcript; (3) a list of academic and extracurricular    honors, distinctions, and scholarships; (4) a list of memberships    in academic organizations and participation in academic activities;    (5) previous research experience, if any; (6) two letters of    recommendation, one from a faculty member; (7) if known, the    name and telephone number of a faculty member wanted as a potential    mentor; (8) a three-hundred-word statement on why the applicant    wants to participate in the McNair program.    Amount of grant: Research    fellows receive $1,000 each fall and spring semester and $2,400    for an eleven-week summer research program. With assistance provided    by the McNair program, fellows are invited to attend professional    conferences with their mentors where they can meet distinguished    scholars in their chosen fields.        Dates: Application          is on-going. Contact Judy          Morris, director, Ronald          E. McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement Program, University          of North Texas, P.O. Box 310888, Denton, Texas, 76203-0888;          phone, (940) 565-2973. (Excerpted from "The Ronald E. McNair          Baccalaureate Achievement Program.)       See the UNT McNair Program    website for information about current    McNair scholars at the University    of North Texas.     National        Scholarship Winners and Finalists I National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists II National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists III National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists IV National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists V National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists VI National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists VII National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists VIII  National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists IX National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists X National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists XI National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists XII National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists XIII   Postgraduate Scholarships and Fellowships OPGF - UNT        - November 26, 2005             
p2
t.