(S'http://www.opgf.unt.edu/postgrad.htm#ford'
p1
V   Postgraduate Scholarships and Fellowships      Postgraduate Scholarships        and Fellowships   Deadlines may        vary from year to year.        Confirmation is the responsibility of the applicant.           Rhodes Scholarships   A Rhodes Scholarship allows students in varied disciplines to study at Oxford University. This scholarship is held for an average of two years, during which time students usually earn a "taught master's degree." Thirty-two scholarships are assigned annually to the United States, and students from out-of-state are eligible to compete in their home regions, while being sponsored by the University of North Texas. Rhodes Scholars enter Oxford in October of the following year. Requirements: Applicants must be citizens of the United States, no younger than eighteen and not yet twenty-four years old on October 1 of the year of the application, have proven intellectual and academic achievement of a high standard (a grade point average of 3.8 to 4.0 is customary), show integrity of character, exhibit interest in and respect for their fellow human beings, display the ability to lead, and have the energy to use their talents to the fullest. Success in sports, while an asset to the Rhodes Scholarship applicant, is no longer mandatory; instead, the committee looks for applicants who are able to demonstrate in other ways the physical vigor which will enable Rhodes Scholars to make an effective contribution to the world around them.  Amount of grant: The stipend of a Rhodes Scholarship consists of a direct payment to the scholar's college of all tuition fees, plus a maintenance allowance paid directly to the scholar. Dates: Serious applicants usually begin preparing their essays for a Rhodes Scholarship as early as the spring semester of their junior year, and certainly over the summer leading into the senior year of studies. Deadline for submission to the UNT Faculty Nominating Committee, c/o the Office for Nationally Competitive Scholarships, Kendall Hall 162, is August 8.  This is an internal deadline that exists in advance of  the deadline by which UNT nominees must submit their applications to the region-level selection committee.       Tanya Schuessler was a finalist in 2000.          British Marshall Scholarships   The British Marshall Scholarship enables US citizens who are graduates of U.S. colleges and universities to study for a degree in any subject at a university in the United Kingdom for a period of at least two academic years, extendable for one more year. The Marshall Plan, named after Secretary of State George Marshall, was the Truman Administration's inspired and generous program to save Europe from economic and social collapse after World War II and to counteract the spread of Soviet influence. Food was scarce, people were starving, and there was little hard currency to pay for essential imports. The Plan was a lifeline for Europe. In 1953 the British Government started the Marshall Scholarship Program as a way of thanking America for its help. Today the Marshall Scholarships Program is one of the most prestigious offered in the United States. The program looks for tomorrow's leader: for high intelligence and academic achievement; for social commitment and responsibility; for leadership potential; and for originality and flair. Provisions for Students in the College of Music: British Marshall Scholarships are tenable at the following institutions: Royal Academy of MusicRoyal College of MusicRoyal Northern College of MusicRoyal Scottish Academy of Music and DramaGuildhall School of Music and Drama  Provisions for Students in the College of Visual Arts: The British Marshal Scholarship is tenable at the Royal College of Art.  Provisions for Students in the College of Business: The British Marshall Scholarship is tenable at the following institutions: London Business SchoolManchester Business School  Requirements: Marshall scholarships are open only to citizens of the United States who are college seniors or who have graduated from their universities no longer than two years ago by the date of application (check the Marshall website for the exact instructions for graduates). A minimum qualification of a grade point average of 3.8 for academic courses will normally be required. Married persons are eligible for Marshall scholarships.  Amount of Grant:  The Scholarships cover tuition, residence, and related costs. There may also be a marriage allowance.  Dates: Deadline for submission to the UNT Faculty Nominating Committee, c/o the Office for Nationally Competitive Scholarships, Kendall Hall 162, August 8. This deadline exists in advance of the University submission deadline for nominees.       Tanya      Vazquez (1997) was a British      Marshall Scholar Finalist.      U.S. Fulbright Graduate Student Program  The U.S. Fulbright      Graduate Student Program is designed to give recent Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Arts graduates, master's and doctoral candidates, and young professionals and artists opportunities for personal development and international experience. Grantees plan their own programs. Projects may include university course work, independent library or field research, classes in a music conservatory or art school, special projects in the social or life sciences, or a combination of these. The Fulbright program welcomes applications from men and women in all fields and at all levels. Graduating seniors need not have formulated specific educational or career goals, since the awards are intended to broaden their horizons before they determine their career plans. The U.S. Congress created the Fulbright program in 1946, immediately after World War II, to foster mutual understanding among nations through educational and cultural exchanges. Senator J. William Fulbright, sponsor of the legislation, saw it as a step toward building an alternative to armed conflict. Today the Fulbright program is the U.S. government's premier scholarship program. It enables U.S. students and artists to benefit from unique resources in every corner of the world. Each year the program allows more than six hundred Americans to study or conduct research in more than one hundred nations.  Restrictions: Most Fulbright grants are awarded for programs of study and research that will require an academic year. The applicant must be in good health and a U.S. citizen at the time of application. In most cases, you must hold the U.S. bachelor's degree at the beginning date of your grant. Language requirements vary. In general, grantees are expected to be able to communicate with the people in the host country and carry out the proposed project.  Deadlines: Contact Ms. Mary Beth Butler, UNT Study Abroad Center, Kendall Hall, Room 148; phone, (940) 565-2207.  Amount of grant: Fulbright full grants generally provide round-trip transportation, language or orientation courses (where appropriate), tuition, book and research allowances, maintenance for the academic year based on living costs in the host country, and health and accident insurance.      Jason Pockrus (2015) Anna Cristina Taboada (2003) and Jessica      Tartaro (1998) were selected as Fulbright      Scholars.  Olga Grieco received a Fulbright Hays Summer Fellowship in 2003.      James Madison Memorial Fellowship  The James Madison Memorial      Fellowship Foundation was established by the U.S. Congress      in 1986 to encourage future and current secondary school teachers      of American history, American government, and social studies      to undertake graduate study of the roots, framing, principles,      and development of the U.S. Constitution. The foundation thereby      commemorates the bicentennial of the Constitution and honors      James Madison, fourth president of the United States and generally      acknowledged "Father of the Constitution and Bill of Rights."      Requirements: The foundation      is authorized to award fellowships to college seniors and college      graduates without teaching experience who intend to become secondary      school teachers of American history, American government, and      social studies.      Applicants applying under this junior fellow category must      plan to enroll in full-time graduate study leading to one of      the following qualifying master's degrees: (1) a master's degree      in American history or political science; (2) a degree of master      of arts in teaching in history or political science; or (3) a      related master's degree in education that permits a concentration      in American history, American government, or social studies.      Each fellowship recipient must take at least twelve semester      hours or the equivalent in topics directly related to the framing      and history of the Constitution of the United States.      Additionally, the applicant must be a U.S. citizen; agree      to teach full time in a secondary school for a period of not      less than one year for each full academic year of study for which      assistance was received under a fellowship; qualify for admission      with graduate standing at an accredited university that offers      a qualifying master's degree program allowing at least twelve      semester hours or the equivalent of study about the Constitution;      have a demonstrated record of commitment to civic responsibilities      and to professional and collegial activities; and agree to attend      a Summer Institute on the Constitution.      Amount of grant: Up to      $12,000 for a two-year period.      Deadline: Feb. 15, to      request application materials. Completed applications must be      received no later than March 1. Students must request their own      application packets from the James Madison Fellowship Program,      P.O. Box 4030, Iowa City, Iowa, 52243-4030; phone, (800) 525-6928.      Pier Larson      (1997) and John      Lovette (1996) were recipients of the Madison      Memorial Fellowship.    Sherri R. Colby (2001)       was an alternate.         Harry S. Truman Scholarships  The Harry S. Truman      Scholarship Foundation, established by Congress as the official      federal memorial to honor the thirty-third president of the United      States, is a permanent education scholarship program designed      to provide opportunities for outstanding students to prepare      for careers in public service.      Up to eighty-five scholarships are awarded each year to students      in their junior year with significant potential and demonstrated      interest in a career in government at the federal, state, or      local level. It is the intent of the foundation to renew scholarship      awards for the senior year and for a period not to exceed two      academic years of graduate study.      Each June all accredited U.S. colleges and universities are      invited to nominate up to three students for the forthcoming      year's scholarships. Up to three candidates may be nominated      by their institution of higher education. Applications are not      accepted directly from candidates.      Requirements: Nominees      must be U.S. citizens and full-time students enrolled as college      juniors. "Junior" here means a student who plans to      continue full-time undergraduate study and who expects to receive      a baccalaureate degree between December and August of the next      academic year.      Nominees must be in the upper fourth of their class and have      selected an undergraduate field of study that will permit admission      to a graduate program leading to a career in public service.      Applicants should have extensive records of public and community      service. The Truman Scholarship is reserved for persons who have      already participated extensively in community activities to serve      others and perhaps have had internships or summer jobs with government      agencies.      Amount of grant: A Truman      Scholarship provides up to $30,000. Scholars selected as juniors      are eligible to receive $3,000 for the senior year of undergraduate      education and $27,000 for graduate studies. Scholars in graduate      programs planning to receive degrees in one to two years are      eligible to receive $13,500 per year. Scholars in graduate programs      requiring three or more years of academic study are eligible      to receive $9,000 per year for a maximum of three years.      Dates: Students wishing      to be nominated by the UNT Screening Committee must submit completed      applications by October 15 to the Faculty Screening Committee,      c/o the Office of Postgraduate Fellowships, Chestnut Hall, 117.      The university will submit its nominees by December 1.      Students should obtain application forms in June at the Office      of Postgraduate Fellowships, or by downloading them from the      Truman Foundation webpage at http://www.truman.gov.      Ashley Cash       (2001),  Andrea      Crawford (1996), Sarah Elizabeth Mathis (2004), Sandra Tyson (2003), and Tanya Vazquez (1997)  were finalists.    Constance      Lacy (1998),    Wayne S. Rickard (2002),                         and Shanna      Whitley (1999) were selected as Truman      Scholars.      AED Public Policy and International    Affairs Fellowship Program  The Public Policy and International      Affairs (PPIA) Fellowship Program seeks to recruit people      of color to prepare to tackle complex domestic and international      issues. PPIA believes that finely honed skills, plus a commitment      to public service, can be a formula for making a difference.      Since its inception in 1981, PPIA has sent over 1,500 graduates      to communities all over the United States and the world to begin      service in key local, national, and international positions.      Through a seven-week summer program following the end of the      junior year of college, a senior project, and a master's degree      program, students have the opportunity to develop the analytical,      quantitative, linguistic, and communications skills they need.      Requirements: Candidates      who apply for admission to Junior Institutes to enter the program      must be: undergraduate students, at least in their junior year,      with a minimum of one full semester or quarter of a coursework      remaining before graduation at the conclusion of the Junior Institute;      U.S. citizens or permanent residents; people of color historically      under-represented in public policy and international affairs;      persons demonstrating a strong interest in public policy and/or      international affairs.      Amount of Grant: Junior      Institute graduates who apply to and are accepted by one of 29      participating graduate schools receive a two-year funding package      for a master's degree in public policy or international affairs.      The fellowship includes a combination of awards, assistantships,      and loans. The degrees awarded by participating schools prepare      PPIA Fellows for a wide range of careers in government service      (local, state, or federal) or the nongovernmental or private      sector.      Dates: Applications must      be sent directly to the Junior Institutes by March 14. For applications,      contact Dr. James Duban, Office of Postgraduate Fellowships (565-2820).      Students who apply for this scholarship should also consider      applying for a Harry S. Truman Scholarship.    George Washington Fellows Program    in Religion and Public Life    The George Washington Fellows program is an intensive four-week      summer seminar on religion and politics for upper-level undergraduates      and first-year graduate students. The program is designed to      give Fellows an in-depth understanding of the role religion can      play in a free society. The program is limited to 8-10 Fellows,      who will each receive a fellowship in the amount of $1,000. Discussions      during the program examine the public role of religion from the      ancient world to the present. Readings will likely include selections      from the Bible, Aquinas, Martin Luther, Calvin, Locke, Washington,      Madison, Jefferson, De Tocqueville, Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther      King, Jr., and others. Each Fellow will also be required to write      a 10-15 page essay analyzing some public issue involving the      intersection between religion and public affairs.      Requirements: Applicants      must be currently enrolled in a college or university as a junior,      senior, or first-year student in graduate school.      Funding: In addition to      the fellowship of $1,000, Fellows will be reimbursed up to $400      for travel costs to Seattle.      Dates: Applications for      the mid-July through mid-August seminar are due in the fall or      spring, but not later than April 26. Earlier applications may      receive priority consideration. Students who are pondering the      Truman Scholarship should seriously consider this opportunity.      Consult with Dr. James Duban, UNT Office of Nationally Competitive Scholarships      (565-2820).        Andrew W. Mellon Fellowships in Humanistic    Studies  The Mellon Fellowships      seek (1) to attract exceptionally promising students to prepare      for careers of teaching and scholarship in humanistic studies      by providing top-level, competitive awards, and (2) to contribute      to the continuity of teaching and research of the highest order      in America's colleges and universities.      The Mellon Fellowships seek to identify and encourage persons      who are committed to teaching and have a large vision of learning.      Eligible fields include American studies, art history, classics,      comparative literature, cultural anthropology, English literature,      foreign languages and literature, history, history and philosophy      of science, political philosophy, musicology, philosophy, and      religion.      Requirements: Any college      senior or recent graduate who has not yet begun graduate study,      is a citizen or permanent resident of the United States, and      is applying to a program leading to the doctorate is encouraged      to compete. Applicants are required to submit the results of      the Graduate Record Examination (GRE) general test. (Registration      is generally a month in advance of the test.) Applicants are      strongly urged to take the GRE in June or October, but no later      than mid-December. If a GRE score report is not received the      application will be disqualified.      Amount of grant: The stipend      for Mellon fellows entering graduate school is approximately      $13,500 and is a one-year portable merit fellowship. Students      should note that fellowships are for one year only and should      plan to seek support elsewhere for subsequent years.      Dates: You may nominate      yourself or have a faculty person nominate you by writing to      the Woodrow Wilson National Fellowships Foundation, Mellon Fellowships-CN      5329, Princeton, N.J., 19543-5329.      You or your faculty nominator must provide the following information:      (1) your full name, (2) current mailing address, (3) mailing      address for January to March 1995, (4) the name of your undergraduate      institution, (5) your undergraduate major, (6) your year of graduation,      and (7) your intended discipline in graduate school.      You must request an application through the internet at http://www.woodrow.org/mellon      by December 7. Applications are due by December 19.    The Metropolitan Museum of Art  The MMA offers several Fellowships, sometimes, in alternating      years, for students having career plans in conservation. For      example, the C.V. Starr Foundation Fellowship in Asian Paintings      Conservation allows the MMA to award a fellowship for training      in the conservation and mounting of Asian paintings. Recipients      will deal with the complete mounting, remounting, and the conservation      of hanging scrolls, handscrolls, folding screens, prints, albums,      books, etc., in the collection of the museum. Applications may      be made at any time of the year. Previous training and experience      is not required for applicants in Asian Art Conservation.      On the other hand, advanced status is required for the MMA      Mellon Foundation Fellowships for conservation training in the      ares of sculpture, metalwork, glass, ceramics, furniture, musical      instruments, arms and armor, and paper conservation. That fellowship      is one year in duration with the possibility of renewal for up      to two additional years. Similarly, the MMA's Polaire Weissman      Fund provides fellowships to M.A. graduates interested in pursuing      costume history in a museum or teaching career. The Weissman      is awarded in alternate years. For further information, including      alternate-year application dates, write to: Fellowships in Conservation,      The Metropolitan Museum of Art, 1000 Fifth Ave., New York, N.Y.      10028-0198. (The Office of Postgraduate Fellowships is currently      gathering a comprehensive collection of books dealing with grants      in the arts. Inquire at 565-2820).      The Kate Neal Kinley Memorial Fellowship  Although sponsored by the University of Illinois, Kate      Neal Kinley Memorial Fellowship is open, as well, to other      graduates of colleges of fine and applied arts whose principal      major studies have been in the fields of Architecture, Art, or      Music. Three major fellowships will allow recipients to defray      the expenses of advanced study of the Fine Arts in America or      abroad. Restrictions: Although      there is no age limitation for applicants, preference will be      given to applicants who have not reached their twenty-fifth birthday.      The fellowship will be awarded upon the basis of unusual promise      in the Fine Arts as attested by: (a) high attainment in the applicant's      major field of study, as witnessed by academic marks and quality      of work submitted or performed, (c) high attainment in related      cultural fields, as witnessed by academic marks, (c) the character,      merit,and suitability of the program proposed by the applicant. Deadlines: February 16. Amount of grant: $7,000 Contact Office of Postgraduate Fellowships for further information. Students who are interested in this scholarship should consider      applying for Rhodes, Marshall, Mellon, Peggy Guggenheim Studentships,      Hilla Rebay Fellowships, and Abigail and Adams Smith Museum/Hearst      Foundation Fellowships. The Office of Postgraduate Fellowships      will explore these and other possibilities for students in the      College of Visual Arts.  National Science Foundation  Graduate Fellowships Fellowships are awarded for graduate study leading to research-based      master's or doctoral degrees in the mathematical, physical, biological,      engineering, behavioral, and social sciences, and in the history      of science and the philosophy of science. Awards are also made      for work toward a research-based doctorate in science education      that requires a science competence comparable to that for the      doctoral candidates in those disciplines. Requirements: Competition      is open only to applicants who are citizens or nationals of the      United States, or permanent resident aliens of the United States,      at the time of application. GRE scores are a highly important      part of the application. All applicants are expected to take      the GRE general test (verbal, quantitative, and analytical) and      should take a GRE subject test in the science or engineering      field most closely related to their chosen area of graduate study. Amount of grant: Fellowships      are for a maximum tenure period of three years, usable over a      five-year period. In 1994 the stipends were $14,400 for twelve-month      tenures. NSF subvention also allows institutions to exempt fellows      from paying tuition and fees normally charged to students of      similar academic standing. Dates: Applicants may      apply during the senior year of college or during the first year      of graduate school. Recent applicants have been encouraged to      take at least the December GRE tests. For application materials,      contact the UNT Office of Postgraduate Fellowships. Debra McIlvain (1999) was an NSF Fellow.  Hughes Predoctoral Fellowships in    Biological Sciences  The goal of the Howard Hughes      Medical Institute's program of Predoctoral      Fellowships in Biological Sciences is to promote excellence      in biomedical research by helping prospective researchers with      exceptional promise obtain high quality graduate education. Fellows      must pursue full-time study toward a Ph.D. or Sc.D. degree in      selected biological sciences: in biochemistry, biophysics, biostatistics,      cell biology and regulation, developmental biology, epidemiology,      genetics, immunology, mathematical biology, microbiology, molecular      biology neuroscience, pharmacology, physiology, structural biology,      or virology. The initial fellowship award is for three years,      and extension up to an additional two years may be requested      from the Institute. U.S. citizens or nationals may choose as      their fellowship institution any U.S. or foreign institution      of higher education offering advanced degrees in biomedical sciences.      (As such, this scholarship is compatible with the proposal which      students might simultaneously submit for a Rhodes or British      Marshall Scholarship.) Requirements: Predoctoral      Fellowships in Biological Sciences are intended for students      at or near the beginning of their graduate study toward a Ph.D.      or Sc.D. degree in the designated fields. Those eligible at the      time of application may be college seniors, college graduates      with no or limited postbaccalaureate graduate study in biological      sciences, or first-year graduate students. Applicants must not      have completed, by the beginning of the fall term, one year or      more of postbaccalaureate graduate study in the biological sciences,      whether or not that study was toward a master's or doctoral degree      or was outside of a degree program. If graduate study in the      biological sciences has been part-time, the applicant must not      have completed more than seven courses in a semester system or      eight courses in a quarter system. Medical students who have      received financial support through a funded M.D./Ph.D. program      are not eligible for the fellowships. The Hughes Predoctoral      Fellowship program is open to applicants who are citizens or      nationals of the United States or who are foreign citizens or      nationals. ORE's: Applicants must have scores from the GRE General      Test (Verbal, Quantitative, and Analytical). In addition, it      is strongly recommended that all applicants have scores from      a GRE Subject Test in the field most closely related to their      chosen area of graduate study. Contact the Educational Testing      Service, P.O. Box, 6000, Princeton, N.J. 08541-6000. The Institute      will pay GRE registration fees for applicants who register for      the examination to be given in December, provided that ( 1 )      application for the Hughes Predoctoral Fellowship is the primary      purpose and (2) the GRE Registration Form for the test has met      the ETS deadline. TOEFL: Applicants whose native language is      not English must take the Test of English as a Foreign Language. Amount of grant: Recent      stipends have averaged $14,500. In addition, the Institute will      provide to fellowship institutions, on behalf of each fellow,      a $14,000 cost-of-education allowance. Of this allowance, up      to $12,000 is provided in lieu of tuition and assessed fees. Dates: The deadlines for      filing Fellowship Application--Form 1 and Application Part 2      have lately been in early November and December, respectively. Contact Hughes Predoctoral Fellowships, The Fellowship Office,      National Research Council, 21201 Constitution Ave., Washington,      D.C. 20418.  Ford Foundation Predoctoral and Dissertation    Fellowships for Minorities  The Predoctoral and Dissertation      Fellowships for Minorities of the Ford      Foundation identifies individuals of demonstrated ability      and provides them with opportunities to engage in advanced study      leading to the Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) or Doctor of Science      (Sc.D.) degree and to inspire others to follow an academic career      in teaching. Approximately 50 Predoctoral Fellowships and 20      Dissertation Fellowships are awarded. The awards will be made      to those individuals who, in the judgment of the review panels,      have demonstrated superior scholarship and show greatest promise      for future achievement as scholars, researchers, and teachers      in institutions of higher education Requirements: Competition      is restricted to (a) citizens or nationals of the United States      at the time of application, (b) Alaskan Natives, Black/African      Americans, (c) Mexican Americans/Chicanos, (d) Native American      Indians (e) Native Pacific Islanders, (f) Puerto Ricans. Applicants      must be enrolled in, or planning to enroll in a research-based      Ph.D. of Sc.D. program in the Behavior Sciences, or Humanities      (including Art History), or Life Sciences, or Chemistry, or Earth      Sciences, or Physics and Astronomy, or Engineering, or Mathematics,      or Computer Science. Applicants must aspire to a teaching and      research career and have not earned a doctoral degree at any      time, in any field. Students must either be near the beginning      of their graduate study, have no more than 30 semester hours,      and take the GRE Test (December 9 is the customary cut-off date      for taking the exam or must be,      or about to be, admitted to doctoral degree candidacy (that is,      who have gained approval of the dissertation proposal/topic and      who have completed all course work, examinations, language requirements,      save the writing and defense of the dissertation.) Awards will      not be made for work leading to degrees in practice-oriented      programs (education, business administration, nursing, library      science, speech pathology, fine arts, etc.) Amount of Grant: Each      Predoctoral Fellowship will provide support for a maximum of      three years. Each fellowship will include an annual stipend of      $12,000 to the Fellow for each of the three years of fellowship      tenure, and an institutional grant of $6,000 to the fellowship      institution to be accepted in lieu of tuition and fees. The Ford      Foundation will grant a $ 1,000 incentive award to the undergraduate      department sponsoring a successful applicant. That money is to      be used by the department to encourage minority students to consider      graduate study and academic careers. Each Dissertation Fellow      will receive a stipend of $18,000. Dissertation Fellowships do      not include institutional grants. Deadlines: The Fellowship      Application-Part 1 must be mailed to the Fellowship Office, NRC,      in an envelope postmarked no later than November 3. November      3 is also the receipt date for regular registration for GRE December      test administration. January 31: receipt date for Reference Reports      from referees in a department that an applicant has newly entered      as of fall of the year of application. February 14: receipt deadline      for Verification of Doctoral Degree Status. Address requests      for materials to The Fellowship Office/FF, National Research      Council, 2101 Constitution Avenue, Washington, D.C. 20418. (Tel.      202-334-2872).   Shaneka Morris received a       Ford Predoctoral      Fellowship in 2001.  American Association of University    Women Educational Foundation Fellowships and Grants  AAUW sponsors graduate      fellowships assistance for women who are U.S. citizens and      for women who are not citizens or permanent residents of the      United States. Dissertation fellowships are for women who will complete the      writing of their dissertations between July I and June 30 of      the year for which the application is put forward. Applicants      are expected to receive a doctoral degree at the end of the fellowship      year. Applicants must have completed all course work, passed      all preliminary exams, and have their dissertation research proposal      (or plan) approved by November 15 of the year during which the      application is put forward. Students holding a fellowship for      the year before the AAUW Educational Foundation fellowship year      are not eligible. This category is open to applicants in all      fields of study except engineering. Stipend: $14,500. Applications      available August 16-November 1. Application postmark deadline:      November 15. Selected Professions Fellowships are awarded in designated      fields where female participation has traditionally been low.      Applicants must be citizens or permanent residents of the United      States. Special consideration is given to applicants who show      professional promise in innovative or neglected areas of research      and/or practice in public interest concerns. The focus professions group fellowships are awarded to women      from ethnic minorities historically underrepresented in business      administration (M.B.A., 2-year programs only), law (J.D.), and      medicine (M.D.) (D.O.). Eligible minority candidates are African      Americans, Mexican Americans, Puerto Ricans, other Latinas, Native      Americans, Alaska Natives, Asian Americans, and Pacific Islanders.      Applicants must be entering their final year of study in September      of the year of the fellowship. Science and technology fellowships are awarded to women in      their final year of a master's degree (including one-year programs)      in architecture, computer/information science, engineering, and      mathematics/statistics. Fellowship stipend range from $5,000-$9,500.      Applications available: August 1-December I (except M.B.A.);      August 1,-Jan. 13 (M.B.A. only). Application postmark deadline:      December 15 (except M.B.A.), February 1 (M.B.A. only). Fellowship      year: September 1,-June 30. International Fellowships:      International Fellowships for full-time graduate or postgraduate      study or research in the United States and other countries are      awarded to women who are not citizens or permanent residents      of the United States. Applicants must hold the equivalent of      a U.S. bachelor's degree before the December 1 deadline for application,      and show outstanding academic ability. Applicants are judged on their professional potential and      on the importance of their studies to their country of origin.      Preference will be given to women who show prior commitment to      the advancement of women and girls through civic, community,      or professional work. Upon completion of their studies, International      Fellows must return to their home countries to pursue professional      careers. Preference will go to applicants with definite positions      awaiting them. Previous and current recipients of AAUW Educational      Foundation Fellowships are not eligible. Fellowship stipend: $15,065;      Applications available Aug 1-Nov. 15; Postmark deadline, December      1; Fellowship year, July l-June 30.  Spencer Foundation Dissertation Fellowships    for Research Related to Education  The Spencer Foundation      Dissertation Fellowship encourages a new generation of scholars      from a variety of fields to undertake research relevant to the      improvement of education. Requirements: Applicants      must be candidates for the doctoral degree in any field of study      at a graduate school in the U.S., although they need not be U.S.      citizens. Dissertation topics must concern education and all      pre-dissertation requirements must be completed by June 1. Amount of Grants: Approximately      30 non-renewable fellowships of $15,000 will be awarded to support      completion of the dissertation. This amount must be expended      within a time limit of two years and in accordance with the work      plan provided by the candidate in the application. Deadlines: Requests for      required application forms must be received by October 14. Completed      applications must be postmarked by November 2. Awards will be      announced in April. For Information, write to:  Spencer Dissertation Fellowships The Spencer Foundation        900 North Michigan Ave., Suite 2800        Chicago, IL 60611-1542        (312) 337-7000 Angela Eke received a Spencer Foundation Pre-Dissertation Fellow in 1996.    National          Scholarship Winners and Finalists I National Scholarship          Winners and Finalists II National Scholarship          Winners and Finalists III National Scholarship          Winners and Finalists IV National Scholarship          Winners and Finalists V National Scholarship          Winners and Finalists VI National Scholarship          Winners and Finalists VII National Scholarship          Winners and Finalists VIII  National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists IX National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists X National Scholarship        Winners and Finalists XI National Scholarship      Winners and Finalists XII National Scholarship      Winners and Finalists XIII   Distinctive Undergraduate          Fellowships OPGF -          UNT - November 26, 2005               
p2
t.