(S'http://international.unt.edu/ISSS/financial-documentation-frequently-asked-questions-faq'
p1
V          Financial Documentation | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   ISSS Menu » Home »  Home Executive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms   New Students »  New Students International Student Orientation International Admissions Financial Requirements   Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff  Frequently Asked Questions About Us »  About Us Staff Biographies International Student Stats   Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             ISSS Menu  HomeExecutive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms  New StudentsFinancial Requirements International Admissions International Student Orientation  Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff  Frequently Asked Questions About UsInternational Student Stats Staff Biographies  Contact Us UNT International                Financial Documentation      What is the deadline to submit my financial documents (International Student Statement of Financial Responsibility)?  There is no deadline to submit your financial documents (except if you are transferring your SEVIS immigration record from one institution to another), and you do not need to submit them until you are admitted to the University. Once you are admitted, please submit everything listed on your MyUNT To Do List to the UNT Admissions office at international@unt.edu so that once the documents are imaged, our advisors can view and evaluate the information for the purpose of issuing your I-20. If the advisor determines that you need further documentation, the advisor will update the items on your To Do List.  It is your responsibility to ensure that you have submitted all of your documents, and that any financial documentation meets the requirements listed on both the Financial Requirements for International Students page and the International Student Statement of Financial Responsibility. Even after you have submitted your documents, it is important to continue to check your MyUNT account for updates, as additional information may be needed.  What if my bank won't sign the International Student Statement of Financial Responsibility?  If your bank will not sign the International Student Statement of Financial Responsibility, then please include supplementary documentation that meet the requirements outlined on the Financial Requirements for International Students page. Examples of documentation include a monthly bank statement or a letter from the bank stating the amount of funds available.  If the bank account belongs to someone other than you (for example a family member), then be sure to have the account owner fill out and sign the \u201cSponsor Statement\u201d section on page two of the International Student Statement of Financial Responsibility.  Please see the requirements for detailed information.   Where should I submit my financial documents?   Submit all items to the UNT Admissions office via postal mail, fax, e-mail to international@unt.edu or in person (or via a representative).  International Student and Scholar Services only evaluates immigration-related documents which have been processed by UNT Admissions first.  Once the student is admitted and has turned in everything immigration-related on the MyUNT To Do List, our office is notified and our evaluation process begins.  Can you accept term/fixed/time deposits?   For us to accept the funding from a fixed deposit account, you will need to submit a bank statement showing a past maturity date.  A past maturity date is a date that is in the past. The reason for this policy: Term/Fixed/Time Deposit Meaning In deposit terminology, the phrase Term/Fixed/Time Deposit refers to a savings account or certificate of deposit that pays a fixed rate of interest until a given maturity date. Funds placed in a Term, Fixed or Time Deposit usually cannot be withdrawn prior to maturity or they can perhaps only be withdrawn with advanced notice and/or by having a monetary penalty assessed. If there is no maturity date or penalty fee associated with this account, the bank should write in the letter that \u201cAll funds can be withdrawn at any time without penalty.\u201d  Please make sure any letter you ask the bank to write, is typed, on bank letterhead, signed/stamped by a bank official and has all the necessary information such as the account owner\u2019s name, account number, currency type, available balance and a recent date.  Other requirements are detailed here.   Can a company sponsor my studies?  Yes. However, there are additional items that are required to be submitted: Sponsor statement:  this is an actual letter, printed on company letterhead from the company agreeing to sponsor you.  The letter needs to contain these things: Student\u2019s name. Name of responsible party at the company or business.  This is the company owner, president, or a similar position. The company owner must also sign and date the letter.  Proof of funding:  this is referring to the bank statement.  Please see this page for the total amount of funding you need to show. You need to turn in a letter from the bank (on bank letterhead) stating the name of the sponsor.  This letter needs to state that the person is the account holder and has access to those funds.  Also, make sure the letter is signed and has a recent date. Please also fill out this form completely.  Make sure all financial documents meet our requirements as outlined here.    I have received a Scholarship/Teaching Assistantship/Graduate Research Assistantship/Fellowship from UNT. Do I still need to submit the International Student Statement of Financial Responsibility?   Yes. Please submit the International Student Statement of Financial Responsibility with a copy of your award letter(s) (on departmental letterhead).  Please see this page for additional format requirements of UNT financial awards. We do not receive award notifications from other offices, so you are responsible for submitting any award letters to international@unt.edu once you are admitted.  Remember, if your award(s) do not cover your full estimated costs, you will have to submit additional funding proof.  May I show property funds, retirement funds, or life insurance as proof of funding? No. In order to issue an I-20 or DS-2019, our office must verify that you have liquid funds available for use. May I show Mutual Funds/Stocks as a proof of funding?  Yes.  However, the statement must show the current monetary value of the stocks at the time of withdrawal, minus any penalty fees incurred.  If your current statement does not show this, you can either ask the bank to write a letter clearly stating this information, with the account number listed for documentation purposes, or you will need to turn in a different bank statement. Please make sure any letter you ask the bank to write is typed, on bank letterhead, signed/stamped by a bank official and has all the necessary account information listed here.                            Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.