(S'http://international.unt.edu/ISSS/24-month-stem-opt-extension'
p1
V          24-Month STEM OPT Extension | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   ISSS Menu » Home »  Home Executive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms   New Students »  New Students International Student Orientation International Admissions Financial Requirements   Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff  Frequently Asked Questions About Us »  About Us Staff Biographies International Student Stats   Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             ISSS Menu  HomeExecutive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms  New StudentsFinancial Requirements International Admissions International Student Orientation  Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff  Frequently Asked Questions About UsInternational Student Stats Staff Biographies  Contact Us UNT International                24-Month STEM OPT Extension      What is it? F-1 students approved for standard post-completion optional practical training based on a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree in a STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) field that appears on the U.S. Department of Homeland Security\u2019s (DHS) STEM-Designated Degree Program List can apply to U.S. Citizenship & Immigration Services for a 24-month extension of post-completion OPT (for a total eligibility of up to 36 months).   Eligibility If you are currently in a period of standard post-completion OPT based on a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree in a STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) field and work for an employer who is enrolled in USCIS\u2019 E-Verify program, you may apply for the STEM OPT Extension. How to ApplyIn order to apply for the STEM OPT Extension, students are required to complete a STEM OPT workshop presentation and pass a quiz. Please view the STEM OPT workshop presentation and complete the quiz at the end. Once you have completed the quiz, bring it and your application for a STEM OPT I-20 to the ISSS office, where an advisor will check your answers.  Please read the OPT Workshop Guide thoroughly so that you will be able to pass the quiz! STEM OPT Workshop Presentation Link                           Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.