(S'http://international.unt.edu/ISSS/j-2-dependents'
p1
V          J-2 Dependents | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   ISSS Menu » Home »  Home Executive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms   New Students »  New Students International Student Orientation International Admissions Financial Requirements   Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff  Frequently Asked Questions About Us »  About Us Staff Biographies International Student Stats   Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             ISSS Menu  HomeExecutive Order Updates Optional Practical Training International Sash Ceremony Forms  New StudentsFinancial Requirements International Admissions International Student Orientation  Current Students Scholars Faculty and Staff  Frequently Asked Questions About UsInternational Student Stats Staff Biographies  Contact Us UNT International                J-2 Dependents      May attend school full-time or part-time. Do not need to attend school. May apply to USCIS for employment authorization. See J-2 Employment. The employment can not be for the basic support of the J-2 or J-1. J-2 dependent children must change to their own visa status when reaching age 21. Must obtain a travel endorsement on their DS-2019's to reenter the U.S. after traveling. If the DS-2019 was issued by UNT, please consult International Student and Scholar Services. If the DS-2019 was issued by another agency, please consult your sponsor. Are subject to 212(e), the 2 year home residency requirement if the J-1 is subject. If the J-1 obtains a waiver, it also applies to the dependents. If the J-1 leaves the U.S. for a short period, for example 2-3 weeks, the J-2 can remain in the U.S. If the J-1 ends his or her program, he/she is allowed to remain in the U.S. for 30 days, and then must leave. The J-2 must also leave. If the J-1, and thus the J-2, is not subject to 212(e), the 2 year home residency requirement, it may be possible to change to a different visa status and remain in the U.S. for another purpose.                           Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.