(S'http://www.unt.edu/ntdc/'
p1
V           North Texas in D.C. (NTDC) | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  DSA Main Nav » Home I am a »  I am a New Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege   Career and Leadership »  Career and Leadership Career Leadership   Be Well »  Be Well Medical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation   Get Involved »  Get Involved Volunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability   Events »  Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series   Get Support »  Get Support Student Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services   Safety & Compliance »  Safety & Compliance CARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct   The Division »  The Division Leadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact   Log In Departments          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             DSA Main Nav  Home I am aNew Student Parent & Family Current Student Precollege  Career and LeadershipCareer Leadership  Be WellMedical Services Counseling Spirituality Veterans ODA Services Speak Out UNT Student Resources Recreation  Get InvolvedVolunteer Student Orgs Activities Greek Life Off-Campus Students Non-Traditional Students Student Alumni Association Rec Sports UNT Sustainability  EventsUpcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Series  Get SupportStudent Legal Money Seeking Options and Solutions Off-Campus Student Services  Safety & ComplianceCARE Team Sexual Misconduct Complaints Policies Safety Conduct  The DivisionLeadership Assessment Newsletter Staff Marketing & Communications Buildings & Locations Contact  Log In Departments                        North Texas in D.C. (NTDC)   Background Information The North Texas in DC Internship Program was established in 2003 by the Vice President for Student Affairs, Dr. Elizabeth With, in order to give UNT students the opportunity to intern at our nation's capitol. Since then, over 180 students have traveled to DC to intern for various government entities. Some students have used their experience to launch a career of their own in DC while others have benefited from the internship by applying their experience to law school, graduate school, or other careers.  The Internship The NTDC internship program provides University of North Texas students the opportunity to participate first-hand in the American political process. Students learn how various Washington DC entities formulate public policy and how other governmental agencies interact with that process. Internships are available to students every fall and spring semester, as well as six weeks in the summer in conjunction with the university\u2019s summer I schedule. Interns work full-time and are unpaid for the duration of the semester for which they are chosen.  The program\u2019s objective is to provide students with insights into public life and the policy-making process by working in governmental, nonprofit and private sector internship placements in our nation\u2019s capital. Furthermore, the internship offers students real world work experiences that applies to classroom learning. Scholarship and Housing  Each intern receives a stipend in the form of a scholarship from the University of North Texas that contributes towards living expenses. It may also be used towards travel expenses or to explore the Washington DC metro area. The NTDC scholarship is available to all interns that are accepted into the program.  In addition to the stipend, all housing costs are paid for by the NTDC program at a housing site that is chosen by the program administrators. NTDC generally uses WISH (Washington Intern Student Housing) to accommodate the interns.         NTDC Apply Current Interns FAQs Intern Experiences Contact Us  Facebook Twitter                           Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.