(S'http://calendar.unt.edu/3w1-spot-evaluations-open'
p1
V     3W1 SPOT Evaluations Open | UNT Event Calendar               Jump to Navigation     Quick Links  En Español MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT        Skip to content     Search UNT:              Calendar            Search Calendar     Search this site:                    Categories  All  Academics Alumni Association Conferences Cultural Diversity Dance & Theatre Dining Discovery Park Exhibits Films Governing Bodies Information Music Off Campus Programs Sales & Fundraisers Sports Staff Related Student Organizations TAMS Training UNT Yearly Events Union Events Volunteering Youth Camps          3W1 SPOT Evaluations Open   Student Perceptions of Teaching (SPOT) is the student evaluation system for UNT.  Student evaluations for the 3W1 summer session are administered May 26 - May 31.  Students will receive an email on the first day the survey opens with the survey link.  Please look for the email in your UNT email inbox.  Students receive a separate email for each course.  All answers are confidential and no identifying information will be shared with instructors or teaching assistants, and overall results will not be released until after instructors have submitted final grades to the Office of the Registrar.  Student opinions matter.  Not only are course evaluations used to measure teaching effectiveness, student feedback provides faculty members with valuable information as they modify, plan, and revise their course(s).  Where:  Online When: Friday, May 26, 2017 (All day) - Wednesday, May 31, 2017 (All day) How much: Free Sponsor:  Academic Affairs Event open to:  UNT community Website: SPOT Contacts: SPOT spot@unt.edu   940-369-8776               University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #311277              Denton,  Texas 76203-5017 Phone: (940) 565-2000 People &  Departments                Undergraduate admissions Graduate admissions International admissions Housing information  For questions about content in this web site, contact urcm@unt.edu.              UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas                   
p2
t.