(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/mainframe'
p1
V           The Mainframe | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  University Union » Home About Us »  About Us Staff Union Board of Directors University History House Guidelines Marketing at the Union Union Pavers   Things to Do »  Things to Do University Program Council (UPC) Fine Arts Series Union Fest Perks Ticket Sales Union Art Gallery Jazz Music in the Union   Plan an Event »  Plan an Event Student Organization General Public Department   Retail & Dining »  Retail & Dining Retail Dining Barnes and Noble at UNT Wells Fargo Design Works The Mainframe Eagle Images ATMs Eagle Post   Visit »  Visit Maps & Directions Tours Parking In the Union Accessibility Loading Dock   Contact DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             University Union  Home About UsStaff Union Board of Directors University History House Guidelines Marketing at the Union Union Pavers  Things to DoUniversity Program Council (UPC) Fine Arts Series Union Fest Perks Ticket Sales Jazz Music in the Union Union Art Gallery  Plan an EventDepartment General Public Student Organization  Retail & DiningRetail Dining Barnes and Noble at UNT Wells Fargo Design Works The Mainframe Eagle Images ATMs Eagle Post  VisitMaps & Directions Accessibility In the Union Loading Dock Parking Tours  Contact DSA Home                          The Mainframe The University Union at UNT is proud to house an Apple-authorized campus store called The Mainframe. The closest full-service Apple store is 27 miles away from UNT. Having an apple store on campus makes technology accesible, and student discounts and back-to-school deals ensure that students get fair prices on their apple products. Employees at the Mainframe have a vast knowledge of apple products and will be able to answer any and all questions you have about what products suit each person's needs. The Mainframe offers educational discounts on Apple products for the UNT community. Students, faculty members, staff members and parents can visit the store to see the products and make purchases directly on campus. The Mainframe features a wide range of accessories and expanded product line ups. Technicians are currently undergoing training to be able to provide service for apple products, and service options should be available starting Fall 2016. Stop by and visit us today and let us help you find the device that's right for you. Contact Information  Phone: 940.565.2966 Location: University Union, Suite 111 Hours: Monday-Thursday 8:00 AM - 7:00 PM |  Friday 8:00 AM  -  5:00 PM | Saturday 10:00 AM - 2:00 PM                                          Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.