(S'http://bayes.acs.unt.edu:8083/BayesContent/class/Jon/R_SC/'
p1
V RSS R Introduction Course                       Research and Statistical Support     UIT | Help Desk |  Training |  About Us | Publications | RSS Home NOTE: Please read the  FAQ thoroughly before contacting our office.  Web link for requesting support and/or appointments with RSS staff Please participate in the R&SS Client Feedback Survey.      Do it yourself Introduction to R R is a free statistical programming language environment. It is completely free to anyone -- like the air you breath is free.    For more information on why everyone should be using R, see  here.     The goal of this site is to allow someone to overcome the intimidation associated with learning the very basics of R and showing them the tools for continued usage. Let's get started.  Some assumptions: This site assumes you are using a Windows operating system and have a basic understanding of file structures and paths. You will also need to have administrator privileges in order to install R. Some of the notes linked on this page are standard HTML pages; most of the links on this page are in R script file format (they have the file extension.R). Beyond that; the site and any instructions or links on it should be self-explanatory. It is STRONGLY recommended that one progress through the modules in order.   A brief explanation of this site is here.  UPDATE NOTE: As of March 6, 2017 the current R version is 3.3.3 These pages have been tested for use with Firefox, other browsers may display the pages incorrectly.      Course Materials  Supplemental Materials    Part I: Introduction  Part I: Introduction    An Adobe.pdf  Instructional Manual which covers the first 3 modules. Module 1: Download and Install R. First, start with these Introductory Notes 1. Ready to download and install? Then click here and then click on "Windows". You will only need the "base" install.  Introductory Notes 2 Module 2: Packages/Libraries Installing and Updating Packages Loading and using Libraries      An example of a  Rprofile.site file  How to for finding Help 1   Keeping R  up to date with new packages Module 3: Getting Data into R Read Data into R using Rcmdr    Read data into R directly from a web address (URL)   Browsing to find the data you want to import into R  Importing many Excel files; each with multiple sheets. Module 4: Initial Data Processing Some  Initial Processing 1  Some Descriptive statistics and associated graphical displays A very easy way to produce simple / customizable  graphs, without knowing script!! Some Slicing and Dicing of data (restructure data from Long to Wide) Recommended (*NEW) technique for  Multiple Missing Value Imputation   Some (*OLD)  Robust techniques for Multiple Missing Value Imputation  Some quick  'prettyR' examples for obtaining common summary and descriptive statistics. Some examples of common  variable conversions Some examples of Recoding Likert response variables to numeric Creating  Composite Scores (i.e., indicator variables) with factor analysis. Creating Composite Scores (i.e., indicator variables) with principle component analysis. Using the 'paste' function to create a  character string sequence. Multivariate  outlier detection with Mahalanobis' distance.     Persistent links to documentation for each package used on this site.  foreign  Rcmdr   XLConnect  car  Hmisc  mix  mvnmle  MBESS  MASS  psych   QuantPsyc  relaimpo  boot  mvoutlier  robust  robustbase  leaps  chemometrics  sem  WRS available here  VIM  Amelia   lattice  latticist  lmtest  polycor  nls2  locfit  sm  homals  mlogit  ca  bootStepAIC  BMA  lavaan    RcmdrPlugin.epack  tseries GPArotation  SeqKnn  rrcovNA   lme4   prettyR   multilevel   arm   MCMCpack   coda   scatterplot3d   gvlma   lmSupport   BayesFactor   mvtnorm    LearnBayes   MatchIt   norm   DAAG   Design    plspm   semPLS   perturb   fortunes   RColorBrewer   quantmod  rrp   fdrtool   multtest   yacca   yhat   rJava   XLconnect   fractaldim   xlsxjars   xlsx  tm   SnowballC   akima   doParallel   foreach   missForest   semPlot   GrapheR   bindata   semTools   beepr  ggmap  ggplot2  rworldmap  plyr  mgcv  matrixpls     A  script file which can be used to install the packages listed above (and their dependencies).  List of  packages included with every 'base' installation of R     Only a small fraction of the help available for using R.   Research and Statistical Support statistical resources workshop     The R Project for Statistical Computing   The Comprehensive R Archive Network (CRAN) CRAN Contributed Documents which are 'How-to' guides and 'Getting Started with R' tutorials.  CRAN Task Views offers 'how-to' information on several frequently used / common tasks in R. The CRAN complete R programming   Language Definition   R-Forge for the latest / in development packages One R Reference Card (there are several), a 'data mining' specific  R Reference Card R specific search engine RSeek.   A repository of R related blogs and blog posts R-bloggers   Very helpful site if you are coming to R from SAS, SPSS, or Stata:  Quick-R   Informative site for folks in Psychology and related fields (site includes and entire textbook: here).   Dr. Rich Herrington's fairly comprehensive R & S-Plus web page.   Dr. Thomas Lumley's two day R short course notes Dr. Paul Johnson's very helpful Rtips (aka. Stats 'R' us)  CRAN Task View:  Multivariate Statistics  YouTube Statistics with R (part 1 of many)           Part II: Intermediate  Part II: Intermediate    Module 5: Basic Group Differences  T-tests & Analysis of Variance Be careful and thorough when assessing group equality.Some examples of  False Discovery Rate (FDR) Module 6: Correlation & Linear Regression Models Basic & Robust Correlations  Example of the importance of  heterogeneous correlations  Basic & Robust Linear Regression Models Some simulation with Linear (OLS)  regression and a  second example   Some  regression diagnostics, including the Global Test of Linear Model Assumptions Some implementations of  Cross Validation applied to OLS regression. Data generation for and exploration of  Cross Validation (data used in link directly above) A quick  illustration of 'Funkiness' among the variables of a seemingly good regression model; and a second example  here Odd  multicollinearity patterns with varying variances and means -- null and alternative models. A very  handy package (examples & explanations included) for working with Linear Models Demonstrations of  finding the right OLS parameters (might be useful for "in class" demos) Illustration of why  too many predictors is a bad thing Assessing  multicollinearity with the 'perturb' package A simple example of  matching cases to reduce multicollinearity prior to modeling Module 7: Other Regression Related Analysis  Testing Mediation with the Aroian test and OLS regression  Testing Moderation with Simple Slopes Analysis using OLS regression  An example of  Binomial or Binary logistic regression (data made with this  script)   An example of  Multinomial Logistic Regression   An example of  Discriminant Function Analysis Brief example of  Categorical Regression with Optimal Scaling  Exploration of  Linear Mixed Effects Models (e.g., Hierarchical Linear Modeling). Introduction and demonstration of simple (bivariate) smoothers.  Brief examples of  NON-linear regression analysis with graphs Gentle introduction to Generalized Additive Modeling (GAM).      Research and Statistical Support statistical resources workshop  The Rice Virtual Lab in Statistics: http://onlinestatbook.com/rvls/  David Lane's site offers a good refresher for some basic content: http://davidmlane.com/hyperstat/index.html STATSOFT: http://www.statsoft.com/textbook/  A great deal of useful information is available at the  Personality Project including an entire textbook for "using R for personality research."     Part III: Advanced  Part III: Advanced    Module 8: Principle Components Analysis, Factor Analysis and Related Principle Components Analysis, Maximum Likelihood Factor Analysis & scale reliability Creating  Composite Scores (i.e., indicator variables) with factor analysis. Creating Composite Scores (i.e., indicator variables) with principle component analysis. Determining the most appropriate number of factors to extract using VSS Demonstration of factor  rotations and what they do. Data generation and simulation of various  Factor Analytic Models. Data generation and fitting of  binary item factor models. An example of  Bootstrapped Factor Analysis An example of  Hierarchical Factor Analysis  Simple 2 & 3 variable Correspondence Analysis   Brief examples of  Multidimensional Scaling Module 9: Structural Equation Modeling (SEM) and Related  SEM example run in R using SEMData.sav (same as this:  Stage 1 and  Stage 2)  An intuitive way to do latent variable modeling (CFA, SEM, & latent growth)  Dr. Rich Herrington's CFA & SEM in R   simulation which runs in your browser  Estimation of a  bi-factor model in packages 'sem' & 'lavaan' using simulated data  Multiple-group bi-factor model tested with the Satorra-Bentler Difference Test Iterated simulation of Multi-group bi-factor model showing SB Difference Test behavior Exploring  Measurement Invariance in CFA & SEM models.  Example of a  Bootstrapped CFA using the 'lavaan' package and a home grown function. Example  SEM with one hierarchical latent factor Some examples of  Partial Least Squares (PLS) modeling (including SEM/Path Modeling). Generation of  data for the PLS script above.  Moderation & Mediation in  PLS Modeling A more efficient and consistent way to do PLS Path Modeling.Module 10: Time Series and Related  Brief example of how to get R to  recognize a column of dates.   Brief example(s) of  Time Series analysis (using BP oil stock prices; circa Apr. 2010)  Brief look at some  financial indices and how to access them.  How to  export tables, graphs, and raw data to Excel  How to  scrape data from a webpage. Super Bowl 50 ticket price absurdity!  Module 11: Bayesian Methods  Recommended  Bayesian Books (Last updated: Sep. 12, 2011). Summary of each here.   Explicit Bayes: a very simple introduction to Bayesian calculation and inference.  Using Bayes Factors for Bayesian versions of t-test & one way ANOVA  Using Bayesian Model Averaging to address the variable selection problem  Brief example of Bayesian Generalized Linear Modeling (e.g., regression)  Brief example of  Bayesian Factor Analysis with MCMC methods  How  Bayes Rule was used to find a missing H-bomb and nuclear sub.  Module 12: Miscellaneous Generating  Simulated Data Generating Simulated Demographic variables:  (1)  (2)  Generating a Normal Curve  Generating an  ogive, binomial, logistic function Simulating  Likert data Basic example of  Parallel Processing Basic example of  Text Mining Basic example of Geographical Mapping Data. Simulation of the Central Limit Theorem with graphs Beware of  Simpson's Paradox The  Two Envelopes Problem in R The  German Tank Problem in R Demonstration and simulation of the Kruskal Count card trick. Can  Sums-of-Squares be equal for two groups of different sizes?A minor Monte Carlo -like Flea Circus.  A reminder about the importance of graphing data:  Anscombe's Quartet Some examples of  Interesting Small Models with Graphs Fun with  Plots and Graphs (a limited and random collection of examples) The world famous  SpiroGraph and graduated color wheels. Other interesting  graphs. A few examples of  Spirals and  Spheres "What do you mean by asymptotic?"Introduction to simple GIF creation in R using ImageMagick Never at the (exact) same point twice!  Strange Attractors from the field of Chaos  Automated variable selection using the  bootstrapped stepwise AIC (not model based) Testing your computer's power using a speed testing script.  Playing around with  Piano Composition using R.The Standard Formula for average weight of "normal" humans.  The first 7 Magic Squares....Making R  noisy....  Some R  humor      Simulated  Blackjack game in R      Research and Statistical Support statistical resources workshop  CRAN Task View:  Multivariate Statistics Statistical learning textbooks:             http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~gareth/ISL/index.html             http://statweb.stanford.edu/~tibs/ElemStatLearn/   STATSOFT: http://www.statsoft.com/textbook/  A great deal of useful information is available at the  Personality Project including an entire textbook for "using R for personality research."       The RSS SPSS short course    The RSS SAS short course              Contact Information      Jon Starkweather, PhD   Jonathan.Starkweather@unt.edu 940-565-4066    Richard Herrington, PhD   Richard.Herrington@unt.edu  940-565-2140      Please participate in the R&SS Client Feedback Survey.Last updated: 2016.12.09 by Jon Starkweather. Copyright 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 by Jonathan D. Starkweather. These pages have been tested for use with Firefox, other browsers may display the pages incorrectly. UIT | Help Desk |  Training |  About Us | Publications | RSS Home            
p2
t.