(S'http://bayes.acs.unt.edu:8083/BayesContent/class/Jon/SAS_SC/'
p1
V RSS SAS Short Course                        Research and Statistical Support     UIT | Help Desk |  Training |  About Us | Publications | RSS Home NOTE: Please read the  FAQ thoroughly before contacting our office.  Web link for requesting support and/or appointments with RSS staffPlease participate in the R&SS Client Feedback Survey.       SAS Short Course     Course Materials  Supplemental Materials    Part I: Introduction       Module 1: Basic introduction to SAS.             What is SAS? Module 2: Orientation to SAS             Using SAS in the Windows environment. Module 3: SAS Data Handling & file types             The Data Step Module 4: Frequently used Procedures (likely to continue into Part II)             Frequently used PROCs   SAS Institute  SAS Documentation provides documentation for an A - Z list of products.  SAS Base Documentation includes links for Adobe & HTML user guides on SAS Base functions.  What\u2019s new in SAS/STAT software  Introduction to SAS/STAT software  Introduction to: analysis of variance procedures, regression procedures, general linear model estimation, nonparametric analysis, categorical analysis procedures, multivariate procedures, survey sampling and analysis procedures, survival analysis procedures, clustering procedures, structural equation modeling (SEM), statistical modeling with SAS/STAT software, mixed modeling procedures, Bayesian analysis procedures  UCLA Statistical Computing SAS Resources Overview of  statistical tests and how to in SAS  NoTSUG (North Texas SAS Users Group).  Recommended text (1): O'Rourke, N., Hatcher, L., & Stepanski, E.J. (2005). A step-by-step approach to using SAS for univariate and multivariate statistics, Second Edition. Cary, NC: SAS Institute Inc.   (All syntax for that book can be found here).  Recommended text (2): Hatcher, L. (1994). A step-by-step approach to using the SAS System for factor analysis and structural equation modeling. Cary, N.C.: SAS Institute Inc.  (All syntax for that book can be found here).  Research and Statistical Support statistical resources workshop  Fairly comprehensive comparison of just about all statistical software packages: Wiki        Part II: Intermediate    Module 5: Some basic statistical tests.             Correlation, Chi-square, and t-tests Module 6: Mainstream statistical tests             ANOVA and Linear Regression     Part III: Advanced    Module 7: Component Analysis & Factor Analysis.             Component and Factor Analysis; and Internal Consistency Analysis Module 8: Path Analysis & Structural Equation Modeling             Basic  Path Analysis with Manifest Variables             Some introduction to Structural Equation Modeling (SEM):                  Stage 1: Verifying the Measurement Model                  Stage 2: Testing the Structural Model Module 9: Miscellaneous               Bootstrapped re-sampling for t-test confidence intervals             Exploration of Linear Mixed Models (i.e. Hierarchical Linear Modeling).     The RSS SPSS short course    The RSS  DIY Introduction to R short course      Please participate in the R&SS Client Feedback Survey.        Contact Information      Jon Starkweather, PhD   Jonathan.Starkweather@unt.edu  940-565-4066    Richard Herrington, PhD   Richard.Herrington@unt.edu  940-565-2140      Please participate in the RSS Client Feedback Survey.Last updated: 2016.10.31 by Jon Starkweather. Copyright 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 by Jonathan D. Starkweather. These pages have been tested for use with Firefox, other browsers may display the pages incorrectly. UIT | Help Desk |  Training |  About Us | Publications | RSS Home           
p2
t.