(S'http://bayes.acs.unt.edu:8083/BayesContent/class/Jon/SPSS_SC/'
p1
V RSS SPSS Short Course                         Research and Statistical Support     UIT | Help Desk |  Training |  About Us | Publications | RSS Home NOTE: Please read the  FAQ thoroughly before contacting our office.  Web link for requesting support and/or appointments with RSS staffPlease participate in the R&SS Client Feedback Survey.       SPSS Short Course     Course Materials  Supplemental Materials    Part I: Introduction       Module 1: Basic introduction to SPSS.      Creating and importing data Module 2: Graphing.      IDA graphing and frequency charts Module 3: Getting Descriptive Statistics.       Descriptive statistics and the Explore Function Module 4: Recoding an item.      Recode Sex (from 1 = Female, 2 = Male into 0 = Female, 1 = Male)      Recode Recall 1 using quartiles.       Recode a 5-point Likert response scale if it is reverse coded to begin with   SPSS User Manuals in Adobe.pdf   SPSS Home  Don't want to pay for SPSS? Then get PSPP for free!! PSPP is  extremely similar to SPSS; but free!  Research and Statistical Support statistical resources workshop  Fairly comprehensive comparison of just about all statistical software packages: Wiki  An esteemed former colleague's collection of materials for the courses he taught.   Need to calculate a-priori power/sample size? Check out Gpower (it's free).  Link which will allows SPSS users to download the Legacy Viewer for viewing older SPSS files.     Part II: Intermediate  Part III: Advanced (some commonly used analyses)    Module 5: Compute (simple)      Create an average of Recall 1 and Recall 2      Use the Compute Function to recode a Likert response scale item      Use Compute to create a total score of multiple variables. Module 6: Replace Missing Values       Multiple Imputation using a version of the EM algorithm Module 7: Select cases (create a filter variable).        Select only sophomores in 'ExampleData002.sav' Module 8: Merge data files.        Add \u2018ExampleData002.sav\u2019 to \u2018ExampleData001.sav\u2019 to add cases      Merge 'ex3reverse.sav' and 'ex3r2.sav' to add new or additional variables       Restructure data from Long format to Wide format  ExampleData001.sav ExampleData002.sav ex3reverse.sav ex3r2.sav   Module 9: Testing Mean Differences       The  t tests and an associated graph.        General comments & 1 regression with scatterplot and 1 oneway ANOVA w/graphs       More detailed examination of ANOVA techniques.  Module 10: Regression       Detailed examination of ordinary least squares (OLS) linear regression (1) (2) (3)       An example of Canonical Correlation       Syntax example of Simple Slopes Analysis -- testing moderation with OLS regression.       Syntax example Testing Mediation w/ Aroian test and OLS regression (w/ this data).       Categorical Regression with Optimal Scaling; and a Better Second Example        Logistic Regression: Binary or Binomial and Multinomial   Module 11: Variable Reduction & Structure       Traditional Principal Components Analysis        Categorical Principal Components Analysis with optimal scaling       Factor Analysis with Maximum Likelihood extraction       Internal Consistency Analysis       Correspondence Analysis: 2 variable example        Exploration of Linear Mixed Models (i.e. Hierarchical Linear Modeling).     The RSS  DIY Introduction to R short course    The RSS  SAS short course               Contact Information      Jon Starkweather, PhD   Jonathan.Starkweather@unt.edu  940-565-4066    Richard Herrington, PhD   Richard.Herrington@unt.edu  940-565-2140      Please participate in the RSS Client Feedback Survey.Last updated: 2016.10.31 by Jon Starkweather. Copyright 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 by Jonathan D. Starkweather. These pages have been tested for use with Firefox, other browsers may display the pages incorrectly. UIT | Help Desk |  Training |  About Us | Publications | RSS Home           
p2
t.