(S'http://itservices.cas.unt.edu/services/web/editing-your-site-menu-drupal'
p1
V     Editing your site menu in Drupal | IT Services                                                            MyUNT UNTranet EagleConnect Blackboard Maps Giving to UNT En Español                         Home Services About News Report problem                           Services  Email File Lab Print Server Software Computer WebTraining          UNT » Colleges & Schools » CAS » IT Services »     Editing your site menu in Drupal      How do I add a page to the menu bar?Click the "Menu Settings" tab when editing a page. It should be near the bottom of the page. This will expand the options that allow you to designate where a page will go on your website.The "Menu link title" does not have to match your page title, but it should still be descriptive and helpful. For instance, a page may be titled "Frequently Asked Questions", but for the menu title, you may only type "FAQ." We recommend keeping the menu title as concise as possible in the interest of saving space.To add a page to the main menu bar, set the "Parent item" to <Primary Links>. (In Drupal 7, it will be <Main Menu>). To add a page to a sub-menu, set the "Parent item" to the page you want it to be listed under. Do NOT designate the parent page as "Home" - the menus and templates are not designed for this, and your page will break.How do I edit the menu?To edit the menu, go to Site Building » Menus » List menus. Click on Primary Links. This will allow you to see an entire tree of the navigation menu of your site, which you can rearrange simply by clicking and dragging individual or groups of menu items.                       Contact Information  U.S. Postal Address University of North Texas College of Arts and Sciences 1155 Union Circle #305189 Denton, TX  76203-5017          Contact Us     For questions about the content on this website, contact us.       Technical Problems     For technical problems with this website, contact our web designer.          University of North Texas System UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center    College of Arts & Sciences at UNT CAS Home CAS Departments & Programs CAS Student Advising              Site last updated on January 11, 2017.                                     Disclaimer |             AA/EOE/ADA |             Privacy Statement |             Web Accessibility Policy |             State of Texas Online |             Emergency Preparedness         
p2
t.