(S'http://guides.library.unt.edu/onlinemedia'
p1
V       Find Online Media - Online Media - Guides at University of North Texas                                               Skip to main content         Information for...       Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU    Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login               Home          Guides          Online Media         Find Online Media               Search this Guide  Search        Online Media: Find Online Media  Guide to UNT's online media resources          Find Online Media     Online Media Collections @ UNT     Open Access Online Media                     Find Online Media                                     UNT students, faculty and staff have access to online videos through subscription databases managed by the UNT Libraries. The majority of these online videos can be found by searching the UNT Libraries Catalog.  Quick & Basic Search A keyword search is a basic way to search for online media on a particular topic. The method demonstrated below will look for the topic(s) you enter in all fields (i.e., title, author, subject headings, notes, etc.) of an item's record, limited to records that contain "online media". Keyword searches give you lots of search results, but many won't be relevant to your topic.   From the UNT Libraries homepage, click on Books & More Enter the search topic  +  AND "online media"  Ex. Africa AND "online media"  Click Search Select the needed title from the list of search results Click "Connect to [Database Name]"  to connect to the online video. If you are off-campus, you may be asked to login with your EUID.  Advanced Search The Media Library Advanced Search page allows users to limit their search results to specific audiovisual formats.   Go to the library's Advanced Keyword Search page: http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/X  Enter the search terms. The advanced search allows for multiple search terms, including Keyword, Title, Author, or Subject In the Video field, select "Online Media" from the dropdown    Click Submit Select the needed title from the list of search results To access the item, click the green  icon OR "Connect to online video". If you are off-campus, you may be asked to login with your EUID  Browse Specific Online Media Resources If you would like to browse any of the online media resources available through the UNT Library, select Databases from the UNT Libraries homepage. You may search for any of our online media resources by name or select the resource from the drop-down to navigate to it directly.  Can't Find an Online Video? While the majority of subscription online videos can be found by searching the library catalog, some films are not listed in the catalog. Reasons may include:  Access is restricted to students enrolled in a specific course The film was very recently acquired and has not yet been cataloged.  The subscription was canceled The film is part of a collection that does not list individual video titles in the library catalog (Swank, JoVE, AccessScience, etc)  If you cannot find a particular film you have been assigned to view, please contact media.library@unt.edu.           Faculty: Request New Content                                     UNT Faculty: Is there a film you need for online instruction that is not currently available online? To request that a new film be added to the collection, complete the Streaming Media Faculty Request Form. Permission must be obtained from the rights holder in order to put a full video online. Obtaining this permission often takes several months, so please contact us at least one full semester in advance with your request. Contact us as early as possible when planning an online course that will include multiple online film components. Not all films can be licensed for online use. In these situations, the Libraries will work with the instructor to find an alternative solution.               Help and troublshooting                                      Problems accessing an online video?  If an online video is not working properly, contact  the UNT Libraries Help Desk:  (940) 565-3024 Lib.Support@unt.edu   Accessing from off campus?  When you are off campus and try to access licensed resources, you will be redirected to a log in page asking for your UNT EUID and password. If problems getting access persist, try logging in to the UNT virtual private network.                        Next: Online Media Collections @ UNT >>          Last Updated: Apr 27, 2017 10:08 AM   URL: http://guides.library.unt.edu/onlinemedia    Print Page    Login to LibApps       Subjects:  Online Media   Tags:  subjectguide                       Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                   
p2
t.