(S'http://iii.library.unt.edu/search/X%20'
p1
V                  UNT Libraries: Catalog                                    Skip to content         Information for...    Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU     Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login            Library Catalog    New Search  Books & Media Databases & e-Journals Media Catalog Music Catalog Course Reserves Advanced Search          The Government Documents collections have recently moved from Willis Library to the Eagle Commons Library. We are currently in the process of updating the ECL floor maps. Please bear with us! Thank you.       Advanced Keyword Search  NO ENTRIES FOUND     Use this form to refine your search using a number of different criteria.    Basic Search Advanced Search Journal Title Author & Title Number Search           Enter Search Terms  Field 1  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 1  Boolean 1  And And not Or   Field 2  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 2  Boolean 2  And And not Or   Field 3  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 3  Boolean 3  And And not Or   Field 4  Any Field: AUTHOR: TITLE: SUBJECT: Note:  Search Text 4       Collection:  Search Scope  All Collections  Media Library  Music Library  Discovery Park Library  Electronic Resources  Government Documents  Special Collections  The Factory (Makerspace)  UNT Dallas  Law Library         Location:        Material:       Audio:  ANY LP CD CD Audiobook Audiobook Device Cassette        Video: ANY DVD DVD Blu-Ray Online Media VHS Laserdisc 16mm       Videogame:   ANY Console games Computer games Handheld games       Language:  ANY Bengali Chinese Danish Dutch English Farsi French German Greek, Ancient Hebrew Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Latin Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish       Publisher:        Publication Year Range:    to         Search and Sort: sorted by relevancesorted by datesorted by title       Ready to Submit?   Limit search to available items     Submit   Clear Form     Search Tips    Case Sensitivity All searches are converted to lowercase by the system. There is no difference between searching for "Jean Baudrillard" and "jean baudrillard."    Adjacency Multiple words are searched together as one phrase. Example : world health organization   Wildcards  Words may be right-hand truncated using an asterisk ('*') in place of other characters.                    The '*' wildcard may also be embedded in a search string. You may use '?' to replace a single character anywhere within a word. Examples : environment* polic*, wom?n   Boolean Operators  Use "and" or "or" to specify multiple words in any field, any order. Use "and not" to exclude words. Example : stocks and bonds Example : (alaska or canada) and (adventure and not vacation)   Field limits  A field limit causes the system to search only the specified field for the specified word(s).   Grouping  Keyword search results are usually grouped by relevance to bring the most likely titles to the top of the list. Each group represents a similar level of relevance and results are sorted within the group by date or title. To get an ungrouped result set, use boolean operators to form a complex query.    Proximity Operators  Use "near" to specify words close to each other, in any order. Example : california near university                        Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                    
p2
t.