(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/org/university-program-council/join-upc'
p1
V           Join UPC | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  University Program Council » Home About Us Programs and Activities Co-Sponsorship Join UPC Contact DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             University Program Council  Home About Us Programs and Activities Co-Sponsorship Join UPC Contact DSA Home                         Join UPC Want to be a member of UPC? Here are some things you should know!  When you join the University Program Council, you become more than a member, you are a part of a family. Our organization is run by students and promotes from within. UPC can connect you with fellow students and other leaders on campus. "UPC has allowed me to meet people I would not have come in contact with otherwise. The friends I have made through this organization are friends I know I will have for life" -Joshua Lawson, Social Media Coordinator  The University Program Council takes pride in being a high functioning and hardworking organization, and we like to have fun while doing it. Our members love to connect at events as well as socialize outside of school at socials! "I know one day when I look back at my time in college some of my favorite memories will be because I joined this organization." -Natalya Yanis, member   UPC coordinators and members work together to implement ideas to program new and relevant events. UPC provides several leadership and development opportunities for our members. \u201cI have met amazing people while being involved in so many fun campus activities! I met my best-friend through UPC and really feel involved with the UNT community. I'm happy to be involved with such a diverse and active group.\u201d -Edith Flores, member  If you love helping others, event implementation, and want to see your ideas come to life on campus, then University Program Council is for you. If you are interested, click here, fill out the application, and submit it by January 27th. Application automatically closes at 5PM. Please make sure to fully submit your application via OrgSync.                              Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.