(S'http://afrotc.unt.edu/content/prospective-cadets'
p1
V          Prospective Cadets | AFROTC Detachment 835                        Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home Prospective Cadets »  Prospective Cadets Cadet Organizations How Do I Join? Entry Requirements Crosstown Schools About Det 835   New Cadet Orientation Meet Our Cadre History of Detachment 835 FAQ Contact Us                 AFROTC Detachment 835         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  University of North Texas AFROTC Detachment 835             Main menu  Home Prospective CadetsCadet Organizations About Det 835 Crosstown Schools Entry Requirements How Do I Join?  New Cadet Orientation Meet Our Cadre History of Detachment 835 FAQ Contact Us                Prospective Cadets      Thu, 01/15/2015 - 10:48 -- Anonymous (not verified)  What is ROTC?  The Reserve Officer Training Corps program is one of three ways to gain a commission as an officer in the United States Air Force. As a part of the program, you will prepare yourself to excel as an Air Force Officer while completing your degree as a college student. This unique opportunity allows you to get a head start on your peers, gaining valuable leadership experience, preparing for a career as a professional, while still leaving time to experience all of the avenues that college life presents. The program is rigorous and selective, but prides itself on maintaining a standard of excellence that will guide you to commissioning and into your Air Force career. The program itself is designed as a four year program, but there are opportunities for those wishing to join the program with fewer than four years of college remaining. Entering the program, you join a fully functional Cadet Wing, structured as an active duty Wing would appear. To start, you will be in the training squadrons, the main reason that the Cadet Wing exists, but by progressing through the program, you will move up through the ranks. Your first two years will be spent in the General Military Course, or GMC; these are the freshman and sophomore cadets who have not attended Field Training. The upper class cadets, are the Professional Officer Corps, who are in charge of running the wing and preparing the GMC to lead the wing in the future.                                               AF Recruiting           Holm Center   Privacy and Security Notice                     Visit Us  Track & Field Building       712 North Texas Blvd. Denton, TX 76201 (Next to the Track and Field Building)       Mail Us  University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305400  Denton, TX 76203      Contact Us  940-369-8674 det835@unt.edu                 Site last updated on April 14, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 14, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.