(S'http://afrotc.unt.edu/content/about-det-835'
p1
V          About Det 835  | AFROTC Detachment 835                        Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home Prospective Cadets »  Prospective Cadets Cadet Organizations How Do I Join? Entry Requirements Crosstown Schools About Det 835   New Cadet Orientation Meet Our Cadre History of Detachment 835 FAQ Contact Us                 AFROTC Detachment 835         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  University of North Texas AFROTC Detachment 835             Main menu  Home Prospective CadetsCadet Organizations About Det 835 Crosstown Schools Entry Requirements How Do I Join?  New Cadet Orientation Meet Our Cadre History of Detachment 835 FAQ Contact Us                About Det 835       Thu, 01/15/2015 - 11:01 -- Anonymous (not verified)  AcademicsAFROTC cadets are required to take 18-20 credit hours of Aerospace Studies courses through AFROTC to prepare them for a commission in the USAF.  These academic courses are taught by the officer Cadre on staff.  These courses are in addition to the colleges' degree requirements for the student's specific Bachelor's degree.  The following is a summary of the courses offered and the sequence that they must be taken: Academic Year Credit Hour Course Title 1st 2 (1 credit hr per semester)    Foundation of the Air Force 2nd 2 (1 credit hr per semester) Evolution of Air and Space Power 3rd 8 (4 credit hr per semester) Leadership 4th 8 (4 credit hr per semester) National Security Affairs/Prep for AD 1st Year \u2013 AERO 1030 (Fall) & 1040 (Spring)The Foundations of the U.S. Air Force (General Military Course)  This is a survey course designed to introduce students to the U.S. Air Force and Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps (AFROTC).  Featured topics include mission and organization of the Air Force, Air Force Core Values, officership and professionalism, leadership principles, group leadership dynamics, military customs and courtesies, Air Force officer career opportunities, and an introduction to communication skills. 2nd Year \u2013 AERO 2030 (Fall) & 2040 (Spring) The Evolution of USAF Air and Space Power (General Military Course)  This course is designed to examine the historical significance of air and space power.  Students will explore the importance of early flight experiments, the introduction of air power in war, and the evolution of air doctrine to current operations.  In addition, the students will continue to discuss the importance of the Air Force core values, through the use of operational examples and historical Air Force leaders.  3rd Year \u2013 AERO 3310 (Fall) & 3320 (Spring)Air Force Leadership Studies (Professional Officer Course)  A study of leadership, management fundamentals, professional knowledge, Air Force personnel evaluation systems, leadership ethics, and the communication skills expected of Company Grade Officers (junior officers).  Case studies are used to examine Air Force leadership and management situations as a means of demonstrating and exercising practical applications of the concepts studied. 4th Year \u2013 AERO 4310 (Fall) & 4320 (Spring)National Security Affairs and Preparation for Active Duty (Professional Officer Course)  Examines the national security process, regional studies, advanced leadership ethics, and Air Force doctrine.  Special topics of interest focus on the military as a profession, officership, military justice, civilian control of the military, preparation for active duty, and current issues affecting military professionalism.  Continued emphasis is given to the refinement of communication skills. Physical TrainingThe PFA is administered by the Detachment Cadre once a semester. The AFROTC PFA is the same as the Air Force Physical Fitness Test administered to all active duty personnel. The PFA consists of the following assessments: Height/weight measurement Waist measurement 1 minute, push-ups 1 minute, crunches 1.5 mile timed run All events are conducted on the same day; the body composition (height/weight and waist measurement) will be conducted first in the detachment, followed by the one minute of push-ups, one minute of crunches, and finally the 1.5 mile run.  A break of no more than five minutes is required between the push-ups, crunches and run.  All physical events are conducted on the old track on-campus.    AdditionalLead Lab In Air Force ROTC, you will not only develop your knowledge and skills as a leader in the classroom, you will also apply them for two hours per week in the Leadership Laboratory. There, you\u2019ll develop your demonstration of command, effective communication, physical fitness and knowledge of military customs and courtesies. Leadership Lab is an excellent environment to improve your verbal communication, planning and organizational skills. You\u2019ll also gain valuable hands-on management experience with your peers and have the unique opportunity to see what life is like on an Air Force base. Here are just a few of the Leadership Lab activities: physical fitness assessments, field days, drills and ceremonies, leadership studies, Air Force Officer career days, leadership-building exercises AFOQT The Air Force Officer Qualification Test (AFOQT) is a commissioning requirement for all cadets.  It is a standardized test similar to the SAT with additional sections testing a student's knowledge of aviation and other flight-related knowledge.  The AFOQT is administered in the cadet's second year prior to Field Training, and each student will have two chances to pass the test. A passing grade is required to be nominated for Field Training.  This test is administered at the detachment by our Testing Officer within the first few weeks of the Fall semester to 200s and 250s. Cadets are not permitted to group study nor share commericial study guides and/or study notes.  Please review test information and official study guide here. Field Training All AFROTC cadets must attend field training in the summer between their second and third year.  Field training is AFROTC's version of "basic training", but Field Training will not just test a cadet's ability to perform under stress, it is meant to evaluate military discipline and Air Force leadership potential.  This is a cadet's final evaluation in leadership, followership, and teambuilding before they will be allowed to enter the Professional Officer Course.  Field Training is four weeks long and takes place at Maxwell AFB, AL and Camp Shelby, MS.                                                 AF Recruiting           Holm Center   Privacy and Security Notice                     Visit Us  Track & Field Building       712 North Texas Blvd. Denton, TX 76201 (Next to the Track and Field Building)       Mail Us  University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305400  Denton, TX 76203      Contact Us  940-369-8674 det835@unt.edu                 Site last updated on April 14, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 14, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.