(S'http://afrotc.unt.edu/content/faq'
p1
V          FAQ | AFROTC Detachment 835                        Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home Prospective Cadets »  Prospective Cadets Cadet Organizations How Do I Join? Entry Requirements Crosstown Schools About Det 835   New Cadet Orientation Meet Our Cadre History of Detachment 835 FAQ Contact Us                 AFROTC Detachment 835         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                  University of North Texas AFROTC Detachment 835             Main menu  Home Prospective CadetsCadet Organizations About Det 835 Crosstown Schools Entry Requirements How Do I Join?  New Cadet Orientation Meet Our Cadre History of Detachment 835 FAQ Contact Us                FAQ      Thu, 01/15/2015 - 11:29 -- Anonymous (not verified)  1. What is AFROTC like in college?AFROTC is a program that will challenge and train ones leadership skills and leadership potential. The academic class will teach military education and aerospace history. Leadership labs take place once a week and are designed to train cadets to react as leaders to various situations. Experienced cadets are tasked with leadership positions within the cadet corps and are responsible for training new cadets. You are required to wear a uniform to your ROTC classes during the week. 2. How do I join AFROTC if I am already in college?The program requires a minimum of six semesters for a student to earn a commission. You will have to sit down with the Recruiting Flight Commander to discuss your way forward. You can join the program as an AS250 student in the fall semester to take your AS100 and AS200 classes at the same time. We do not allow AS250s to join in the spring semester.  3. If I join AFROTC, does that mean I'm joining the military?  No. You won\u2019t sign a contract to serve in the Air Force until you either accept a scholarship or until your first day of your junior year in the program. With Air Force ROTC, we provide you with lots of opportunities to see what the Air Force is about before signing up. And while you're waiting, you are getting college out of the way and having a lot of fun. 4. Will the Air Force pay for my school?AFROTC offers many scholarship opportunities. Prospective AFROTC cadets can apply for a high school scholarship before entering college. Once in college there may be opportunities for AFROTC cadets to receive an in-college scholarship. 5. Will the Air Force pay school loans? No, unfortunately AFROTC will not pay any student loans. 6. Can I be in AFROTC if I am not awarded a scholarship? Yes, there are many cadets that are not on scholarship who complete the program and earn a commission in the US Air Force. 7. How much time is involved in Air Force ROTC?Your weekly requirements with AFROTC will amount to 5-6 hours of time at the Detachment.  You can put as little or as much time into Air Force ROTC as you want beyond that, as long as you satisfy all academic, Leadership Laboratory, and physical fitness requirements. The ROTC staff knows your studies are critical for your success in college, your success in the ROTC program, and your success in the future. 8. Do I have to live somewhere specific?No, AFROTC allows you to live wherever you want: in the dorms, in an apartment, at home\u2026the choice is yours! However there is an AFROTC REAL Community located on the UNT campus in Maple Hall. This allows the AFROTC cadet to live together and enhance their college experience while gaining valuable comradery with fellow cadets. Please email det835@unt.edu or speak with Cadre Staff if you are interested.  9. Can I pursue a graduate education after I'm commissioned? The Air Force is education-oriented and financially supports graduate studies. You can apply for the Air Force Institute of Technology (AFIT) to earn an advanced degree on full scholarship.  Additionally, most bases have graduate college programs, and you may apply for the tuition assistance program that pays for $250 per semester credit hour of the tuition cost. 10. What is the difference between AFROTC and enlisting in the Air Force?AFROTC is one of the three commissioning sources for the USAF. Upon completion of a bachelor's degree and AFROTC you will be commissioned as an officer, followed by specific training in a career field. Officers are trained to be the leaders and supervisors of enlisted personnel. Rank, pay, and career opportunities for officers are commensurate with their elevated level of responsibility. Enlisting in the Air Force is done through the local recruiter followed by basic training and prospective technical training. This avenue does not require a college degree. 11. What is the service commitment after complete AFROTC? Most careers require an active duty service commitment of four years with the exception of flying and medical careers. Following the active duty service commitment, four years of inactive reserve is required.  12. Can I be on reserve status rather than active duty after AFROTC? Currently, there is a limited opportunity to commission into the Reserve or Guard. The student must find a Reserve/Guard unit to accept him/her before commissioning. There is no guarantee for this opportunity; most students are placed on active duty status after completion of AFROTC. Once your active duty commitment is up, you can continue your career in the Air Force in the Reserve or Guard. 13. What is the AFOQT? Do I have to take it? The AFOQT is the Air Force Officer Qualifying Test that all cadets must take by the end of the fall semester of their AS200 year. For more information about the AFOQT, including an information pamplet and prep course, please click here.  14. What is my AFROTC class schedule?Your AFROTC Classes comprises of three parts (Academic Class, Leadership Lab, and Physical Training): Academic Class (NOTE: AS250 cadets must register for the AS200 class AND attend the AS100 class as well) AS 100 - Thursdays at 1300-1350 or 1400-1450  AS 200 - Thursdays at 1000-1050 or 1100-1150 AS 300 and 400 - Varies depending on cadets' schedules (2.5-3 hours)  Leadership Lab - Thursday at 1530-1730 Physical Training (Must attend 3 sessions/week for 1 hour each) Tuesday, Wednesday at 0615 (NOTE: Crosstown cadets will attend these PT sessions at their university and led by a POC) Wednesday (Swim PT) - Optional Thursday at 1745 directly after Leadership Lab                                                  AF Recruiting           Holm Center   Privacy and Security Notice                     Visit Us  Track & Field Building       712 North Texas Blvd. Denton, TX 76201 (Next to the Track and Field Building)       Mail Us  University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305400  Denton, TX 76203      Contact Us  940-369-8674 det835@unt.edu                 Site last updated on April 14, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 14, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.