(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/internships'
p1
V           Internships | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Career Center » Home About Us »  About Us Overview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us   Students and Alumni »  Students and Alumni Eagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards   Employers »  Employers Eagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources   Staff and Faculty »  Staff and Faculty Eagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources   Parents and Family »  Parents and Family About UNT Events Resources   DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Career Center  Home About UsOverview of Services Directions & Parking Meet the Team Contact Us  Students and AlumniEagle Careers Career Advising Find a Job or Internship First Year Students International Students Graduate Students Alumni My Plan Events Student Programs Free Business Cards  EmployersEagle Careers About UNT Visiting Events Recruiting Partnering Policies Resources  Staff and FacultyEagle Careers My Plan Events Supervisor's Guide Resources  Parents and FamilyAbout UNT Events Resources  DSA Home                Internships           About UNT\u2019s Internship Program exists to assist students in obtaining high-quality internships prior to graduation. Through experiential education, valuable academic learning occurs outside the classroom. The mission of the program is to develop well-prepared students who, through the benefits of experiential education, become the next generation of leaders for the global community. We feel strongly that when students gain real-world experience in their field of study, they excel academically, as well as professionally. Get Hands-On Experience Before You Graduate Employers prefer to hire graduates with hands-on experience in their majors. You can gain practical experience and enhance your classroom learning through an internship. In addition to providing insight into your future career, working as an intern will give you a competitive advantage in the job market because of the skills you have developed while in the position. We can help you obtain high quality internships prior to graduation. We work closely with potential and existing employers to promote internships within their organizations. We have successfully increased the quality and quantity of these experiences for our students.  Internships  Internships are work experiences (typically one semester) related to your field of study with an emphasis on \u201con-the-job\u201d training rather than merely employment. The benefits of internships are: they extend your classroom learning into a real-world setting they provide you opportunities to reinforce your choice of major and career path they allow you to obtain transferable skills by working in a professional environment they help you create a valuable network of contacts within your industry Although some internships are unpaid, our program strives to promote paid opportunities. Some degree programs require students to fulfill an internship as part of their course work. Our office can help you in those situations, too. Intern Abroad  In addition to local internships, there are opportunities for students to participate in internships abroad.  Keep in mind that while these are great opportunities, there are more costs involved (airfare, fees for collaborating agencies, room & board, etc) than a typical internship and credit may not be available. To view the available international internships, log in to your Eagle Network account and go to Search Jobs.  Click on the International Internships position type and start your search. These positions are made available with the help of UNT's Study Abroad Office. International Students International students are eligible to work off campus in an internship or co-op, as long as they have filed the necessary CPT paperwork and received work authorization.  Credit is one component of the process, which is where our office assists.  All CPT-related questions should be directed to International Student and Scholar Services. Each semester an international student is working off campus, they must fill out all paperwork (CPT and Request for Credit).  Failure to do so can result in a loss of work authorization.         Internships Resources Internship Course Information Internship Employers                                     Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.