(S'http://www.cob.unt.edu/mgmt/vision.php'
p1
V    Department of Management « College of Business « UNT                             College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard    UNT College of Business      Departments  Home  College  About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center   Academics  Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program  Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics   Future Students  Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information   Current Students  Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition   Events  Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast   CoB People  CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login     INVEST  How to Invest Give a Gift        University of North Texas College of Business Management Contact us    In This Site  MGMT Homepage Welcome from the Chair Vision and Values Advisory Board Distinguished Scholar Outstanding Alumni Contact Us Management Connection - Department Newsletter  Academics  BBA in Entrepreneurship BBA in Organizational Behavior and Human Resources MBA Degrees Ph.D. in Management Online Classes Course Descriptions New Courses Management Class Availability  For Students  Fidelity Integrated Business Case Competition MGMT Scholarships Internships Study Abroad Program Advising for MGMT Annual Awards Pictures Student Organizations  Our Team  Faculty Staff Ph.D. Students    Our Vision & Values   Vision Statement As leading educators, we work together in a  team of professionals with a singular focus on student learning in a   global environment. Our research,  instructional development, and service to the department, college of   business, university, and community provides  opportunity for faculty and, in turn, student development. Mission Statement The mission of the Department of Management  is to provide quality management education that acknowledges   our global environment and that leads to  baccalaureate, master, and doctoral degrees; to conduct relevant basic   and applied research that includes  consideration of our position within an international context; to engage in   instructional development; and to provide  professional expertise and service to the department's constituent   communities. Our mission is accomplished with  a primary focus on the undergraduate and masters degrees,   while maintaining a small doctoral program in  keeping with the mission of the College of Business. This mission   reflects  our firm belief in the importance of teaching supported by intellectual  contributions and service. Core Values The mission of the Department of Management  is to provide quality management education that acknowledges our global environment and that leads to  baccalaureate, master, and doctoral degrees; to conduct relevant basic and applied research that includes  consideration of our position within an international context; to engage in instructional development; and to provide  professional expertise and service to the department's constituent communities. Our mission is accomplished with  a primary focus on the undergraduate and masters degrees, while maintaining a small doctoral program in  keeping with the mission of the College of Business. This mission reflects  our firm belief in the importance of teaching supported by intellectual  contributions and service. Core Values Students First Their success is our success. Accountable Educators Academic leadership by having the wisdom to know and do what is right, in an atmosphere of open disclosure. Business Partnership Involve the business community as our partners in developing cutting edge education.        Physical Address:              University of North Texas             College of Business             1307 West Highland Street             Denton, Texas             76201 Contact the College of Business    Mailing Address:        University of North Texas       College of Business       1155 Union Circle #311160       Denton, TX        76203-5017 Contact the College of Business    This Website:              © 2017 UNT College of Business             For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.                    Disclaimer |            AA/EOE/ADA |            Privacy  |            Web Accessibility |            State of Texas Online |            Emergency Preparedness |            THECB Online Resume System      
p2
t.