(S'http://www.cob.unt.edu/mgmt/bba_obhrm.php'
p1
V    Department of Management « College of Business « UNT                             College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard    UNT College of Business      Departments  Home  College  About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center   Academics  Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program  Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics   Future Students  Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information   Current Students  Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition   Events  Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast   CoB People  CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login     INVEST  How to Invest Give a Gift        University of North Texas College of Business Management Contact us    In This Site  MGMT Homepage Welcome from the Chair Vision and Values Advisory Board Distinguished Scholar Outstanding Alumni Contact Us Management Connection - Department Newsletter  Academics  BBA in Entrepreneurship BBA in Organizational Behavior and Human Resources MBA Degrees Ph.D. in Management Online Classes Course Descriptions New Courses Management Class Availability  For Students  Fidelity Integrated Business Case Competition MGMT Scholarships Internships Study Abroad Program Advising for MGMT Annual Awards Pictures Student Organizations  Our Team  Faculty Staff Ph.D. Students     BBA in Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management    Undergraduate Advisor  Room: BLB 215C  Phone: (940)565-4710 Email: mgmt.ugrdadv@unt.edu   As an Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management (OBHR) major, you will spend most of your freshman and sophomore years taking general courses like English, History, and Math. Your junior year will revolve around courses that provide an overall understanding of business such as the basics of Management, Marketing, Accounting, Finance, and Management Information Systems. As you get into the OBHR Professional Field, you will focus on courses such as, organizational behavior, development of effective business relationships, designing and managing team-based organizations, compensation systems, and international business operations. As you are preparing to graduate, the UNT Career Planning and Placement Service (CPPS) can help you prepare for finding a job. CPPS will provide you with information about prospective employers and about techniques for writing resumes, interviewing, and other employment strategies. You will also receive notification of available positions and information about companies which will be interviewing at UNT. The OBHR faculty at UNT consists of highly qualified, full-time educators whose premier reputations are based on innovative teaching, outstanding research, and quality service to the profession and community. Faculty interaction with students is a vital part of UNT's mission. Students choosing the OBHR Professional Field have opportunities to participate in professional organizations such as the Society for Human Resource Management. Career Potential in OBHR: The competitiveness among organizations for skilled employees today is very high. For this reason, higher education in business fields is more attractive than ever. The Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management professional field is a vital segment of any business. From a married couple running their own shop to a large multi-organizational firm, the knowledge and application of OBHR skills are critical to organizational effectiveness. In the area of organizational behavior, we study the process, structures, and behaviors that fit together to define all types of business organizations. In the HR area we study the practices and skills necessary for the major human resource Management functions, such as, compensation, selection and placement, and health and safety. In addition to the basic components of OBHR, we emphasize the study of organization change. The evolution of organizations to manage faster transitions has become a way of life. This theme is prevalent in many of our courses. Internship Opportunities You are encouraged to incorporate an internship into your degree track during your senior year. OBHR works together with UNT's Center for Cooperative Education (CEE) to provide internship opportunities. CEE students are currently employed by more that 300 companies in the Dallas-Ft. Worth area. Many students take full-time positions with intern sponsoring employers upon graduation. General Requirements Certain Core Requirements are necessary to complete the Bachelor of Business Administration degree in the professional field of Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management. The following is a list of the total hours needed. By clicking on the following list, you will be taken to the Undergraduate Advising site where you can learn more about the degree plan.  University Core Requirements Professional Field and Supporting Courses        Physical Address:              University of North Texas             College of Business             1307 West Highland Street             Denton, Texas             76201 Contact the College of Business    Mailing Address:        University of North Texas       College of Business       1155 Union Circle #311160       Denton, TX        76203-5017 Contact the College of Business    This Website:              © 2017 UNT College of Business             For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.                    Disclaimer |            AA/EOE/ADA |            Privacy  |            Web Accessibility |            State of Texas Online |            Emergency Preparedness |            THECB Online Resume System      
p2
t.