(S'http://www.cob.unt.edu/mgmt/mba.php'
p1
V    Department of Management « College of Business « UNT                             College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard    UNT College of Business      Departments  Home  College  About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center   Academics  Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program  Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics   Future Students  Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information   Current Students  Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition   Events  Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast   CoB People  CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login     INVEST  How to Invest Give a Gift        University of North Texas College of Business Management Contact us    In This Site  MGMT Homepage Welcome from the Chair Vision and Values Advisory Board Distinguished Scholar Outstanding Alumni Contact Us Management Connection - Department Newsletter  Academics  BBA in Entrepreneurship BBA in Organizational Behavior and Human Resources MBA Degrees Ph.D. in Management Online Classes Course Descriptions New Courses Management Class Availability  For Students  Fidelity Integrated Business Case Competition MGMT Scholarships Internships Study Abroad Program Advising for MGMT Annual Awards Pictures Student Organizations  Our Team  Faculty Staff Ph.D. Students    MBA Degrees in Management    Management Departmental Advisor   April  Kuykendall             Office:   BLB 215C             Phone:   (940) 565-4710             Email: aprilk@unt.edu    The College of Business has rolled out a fully accredited interactive MBA track effective in January 2005. As of August 2005,  Administrative Management has changed to the new title of Strategic Management. Advantages of the Strategic Management  MBA include most, if not all, web based course offerings, Texas State tuition rates, convenient cafeteria scheduling, on-line registration  and tuition payment, and completion based on your time table, i.e. 18 months to five years based on your ability and work schedule.  Applications will be processed through the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies. General Requirements By clicking on the following links, you will be taken to the MBA advising site for more general information concerning the program  requirements for the MBA program in Business Administration.  How to Apply Important General Information Background Course Requirements Core Courses  MBA in Strategic Management *Formerly Administrative Management.  The MBA with a concentration in Strategic Management interrelates and provides a broad exposure  to skills necessary in managing a total organization. Strategic Management involves establishing the  major direction, strategies and broad policies that an organization will follow in pursuit of accomplishing  its objectives. This necessary knowledge is important for sustainable growth of businesses and the U.S.  economy. Click on this link to see further information about this program. Strategic Management Concentration Courses MBA in Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management In the MBA with a concentration in Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management, students study the processes, structures,  and behaviors that fit together to define all types of business organizations. In addition, students learn  the practices and skills necessary for the major Organizational Behavior and Human Resources Management functions, such as,  compensation, selection and placement, health and safety, and organizational change. The evolution of  organizations to manage faster transitions has become a way of life. This theme is prevalent in many of  our MBA Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management courses. Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management Concentration Courses MBA in Health Services Management The MBA with a concentration in Health Services Management allows students the opportunity to  study the major systems that comprise health care organizations: governance, finance, clinical  services, and human resources. The Health Services Management student learns to identify and  understand the best practices and processes of the well-managed health care organization in its  variety of forms- ambulatory care, acute care, long-term care, home health, and so forth. The  program provides students with skills needed to effectively coordinate, integrate, and improve the  quality of health services. In this way, we hope to prepare students for the many opportunities  and unique challenges of a continuously changing health care industry.  Health Services Management Concentration Courses Health Services Management Site        Physical Address:              University of North Texas             College of Business             1307 West Highland Street             Denton, Texas             76201 Contact the College of Business    Mailing Address:        University of North Texas       College of Business       1155 Union Circle #311160       Denton, TX        76203-5017 Contact the College of Business    This Website:              © 2017 UNT College of Business             For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.                    Disclaimer |            AA/EOE/ADA |            Privacy  |            Web Accessibility |            State of Texas Online |            Emergency Preparedness |            THECB Online Resume System      
p2
t.