(S'http://www.cob.unt.edu/mgmt/advising.php'
p1
V    Department of Management « College of Business « UNT                             College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard    UNT College of Business      Departments  Home  College  About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center   Academics  Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program  Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics   Future Students  Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information   Current Students  Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition   Events  Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast   CoB People  CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login     INVEST  How to Invest Give a Gift        University of North Texas College of Business Management Contact us    In This Site  MGMT Homepage Welcome from the Chair Vision and Values Advisory Board Distinguished Scholar Outstanding Alumni Contact Us Management Connection - Department Newsletter  Academics  BBA in Entrepreneurship BBA in Organizational Behavior and Human Resources MBA Degrees Ph.D. in Management Online Classes Course Descriptions New Courses Management Class Availability  For Students  Fidelity Integrated Business Case Competition MGMT Scholarships Internships Study Abroad Program Advising for MGMT Annual Awards Pictures Student Organizations  Our Team  Faculty Staff Ph.D. Students   Student Advising  Undergraduate Advising Information regarding admissions, transfer credits, etc. can be found on the CoB Undergraduate Programs website. However, if you have questions specific to Management undergraduate courses, you can also contact:  April Kuykendall     PH: 940-565-4710      E-mail: aprilk@unt.edu     Room: BLB 215C     Masters Advising Information regarding admissions, program details, and other general information can be found on the CoB Masters Programs website. However, if you have questions specific to Management masters courses or degree plans, you can also contact:  April Kuykendall     PH: 940-565-4710      E-mail: aprilk@unt.edu      Room: BLB 215C    Ph.D. Advising Please see our Ph.D. Program page for details regarding the Management Ph.D. Program. You can also find general CoB admission information and other details on the CoB PhD Programs website. Specific questions should be directed to the Management Ph.D. Advisor:  Dr. Nancy  Boyd Lillie     (940) 565-3158 Nancy.Boyd.Lillie@unt.edu     Ph.D. Advising Hours by Appointment Only.          Physical Address:              University of North Texas             College of Business             1307 West Highland Street             Denton, Texas             76201 Contact the College of Business    Mailing Address:        University of North Texas       College of Business       1155 Union Circle #311160       Denton, TX        76203-5017 Contact the College of Business    This Website:              © 2017 UNT College of Business             For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.                    Disclaimer |            AA/EOE/ADA |            Privacy  |            Web Accessibility |            State of Texas Online |            Emergency Preparedness |            THECB Online Resume System      
p2
t.