(S'http://www.cse.unt.edu/site/node/53'
p1
V   Graduate Degree Program | Computer Science and Engineering                       CloseWe have launched a new CSE website. Please visit us here: http://computerscience.engineering.unt.edu        Computer Science and Engineering  About Us Contact Us College of Engineering               Navigation   CSE Chair's Message People Research Education K-12 CS Teacher Preparation Advising Organizations Outreach News Media Gallery Links Scholarships Faculty Positions     Syndicate             B.S. in Computer Science accredited since 1986  B.S. in Computer Engineering accredited since 2008  B.A. in Information Technology accredited since 2012       Home Graduate Degree Program   Welcome to the Web page for the Graduate program in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of North Texas. UNT offers a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science and Engineering and a Master's degree in both Computer Science and Computer Engineering.  Ph.D. in Computer Science and Engineering       PhD Program Progression (updated 8-1-2016)        PhD Requirements for Admission (updated 8-1-2016)  Master's Degree in Computer Engineering       Link to requirements in PDF format. (updated 1-7-2015) Master's Degree in Computer Science       Link to requirements in PDF format. (updated 1-7-2015)      Interest Areas in Computer Science (updated 6.24.2016):       Algorithms and Theory Computational Science Computer Networking and Security Computer Systems Database Management and Data Mining Game Programming Intelligent Systems Software Engineering        Graduate Track/Specialty Areas in Computer Engineering (all updated 2-11-2016):      Communication and Networks Computer Systems Real Time Systems VLSI       Graduate Student forms:      Advising Record \u2013 get advisement from your major professor every semester in order to clear your advising code Committee Appointment Degree Plans  Computer Science MS Degree Plan Computer Engineering MS Degree Plan PhD Degree  Graduating?  You will need to apply to graduate by the 12th class day of the semester you wish to graduate.  Graduation Application Major Professor Declaration Notice of Acceptance Proposal Form Pass Through Master\u2019s Degree Application Qualifying Exam (Graduate School) Results of PhD Preliminary (Qualifying) Exam (department) R-53 form for Unorganized Courses Assistantship Application Are you a new International Student? Need answers to some questions? Here are some great links: New Admitted Students Information Internship course, CSCE 5932 International Student and Scholar Services FAQ   If you wish to apply for a CPT, great information is here at your fingertips! Curricular Practical Training (CPT) Information  CPT forms required for International Students: F-1 CPT Student Application Form F-1 CPT Academic Advisor Form F-1 CPT Employer Form CPT Complete Packet    Maintaining Graduate Standing Graduate Minor in CSE         Copyright © 2016 CSE UNT. All rights reserved.  This site is maintained by Don Retzlaff donr{at}unt.edu, CSE Webmaster. Site last updated on April 26th 2017University of North Texas   UNT College of Engineering           
p2
t.