(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/electrical/ph-d-program/ph-d-program-description'
p1
V      ph-d-program-description | Electrical Engineering                     UNT Global Search     Search UNT:            Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                     Electrical Engineering              Home Prospective Students Undergraduate Graduate Research People About Us        Homeph-d-program-description  Submitted by nwt0004 on August 10, 2015 - 9:55am   Ph.D. ProgramThe educational objectives of EE Ph.D. program are twofold: 1) to prepare Ph.D. graduates to conduct research into new unexplored fields for the discovery of new knowledge principles that can revolutionize the technology sector; and 2) to educate Ph.D. students on innovation and technology transfer to help them to become tomorrow\u2019s high-tech-job-creating entrepreneurs.An integrated entrepreneurship component is a unique and innovative feature of this doctoral program. We\u2019re the first program in the nation to feature this requirement at the Ph.D. level, purposely engaging you in entrepreneurship and in the creation and use of intellectual property and patent development.Degree RequirementsThe PhD with a major in electrical engineering requires 72 credit hours beyond the bachelor's degree or 42 credit hours for students entering with a master's degree.Course Selection1.  Required credit hours for students entering with a master's degree:6 credit hours of core Electrical Engineering courses9 credit hours of required Entrepreneurship courses6 credit hours of prescribed Electrical Engineering core electives6 credit hours of free electives12 credit hours of dissertation3 credit hours of individual research 2.  Required credit hours for students entering with a bachelor's degree:12 credit hours of core Electrical Engineering courses9 credit hours of required Entrepreneurship courses12 credit hours of prescribed Electrical Engineering core electives18 credit hours of free electives12 credit hours of dissertation9 credit hours of individual researchCore CoursesCommunication and Signal ProcessingEENG 5610 - Digital Signal ProcessingEENG 5810 - Digital CommunicationsRF and Circuit DesignsEENG 5520 - Design and Testing of Digital SystemsEENG 5530 - Analog Integrated Circuit DesignSystems and ControlEENG 5310 - Control Systems DesignEENG 5320 - Systems Modeling and SimulationDegree PlanThe Student should select a major advisor from the EE Department and together develop the Degree Plan before the second semester. The Graduate Program Director will provide general guidance for the course selection and other academic questions in the student's first semester. Failure to submit the degree plan will result in a block on course registration.        Graduate  Graduate Studies Home MSEE Program Ph. D. Program Graduate Courses Graduate Forms Graduate Admission Scholarships and Grants Toulouse School of Graduate Studies                  Contact Us:      Electrical Engineering     1155 Union Circle #310440   Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: 940-565-2000  https://engineering.unt.edu/electrical/              Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. nicholas.tompkins@unt.edu               UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on April 28, 2017  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness              
p2
t.