(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/materials/graduate'
p1
V      Graduate | Materials Science and Engineering                      Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                               Materials Science and Engineering                         Home Undergraduate Graduate Research Partners Alumni People About Us  Advising Admission Assistantships Financial Assistance Graduate Qualify Programs           AdvisingDegree Plan  Admission Assistantships Financial Assistance Ph.D. Qualifying Exams Grad Track Program Course Syllabi Graduate Catalog Seminars Get Involved Travel Grants         HomeGraduate    Biomedical materials, metals, polymers, glasses, electronics: all are being tested and improved every day by materials engineers and scientists solving vital problems and advancing technology. Where will you make your contribution? The University of North Texas\u2019 Department of Materials Science and Engineering offers course work leading to a Master of Science degree and a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Materials Science and Engineering, as well as a minor for students pursuing other degrees. The program provides strong collaborative links with other universities and industries in the Dallas-Fort Worth region and research organizations throughout the world. You\u2019ll have many opportunities to develop highly marketable skills in industries and areas such as:  Academia Automotive engineering Aviation Biomedical engineering Chemical engineering Electric power Electronics Environmental engineering  The department addresses the educational and technological challenges of creating, applying and characterizing new materials for manufacturing products in the 21st century. As part of your graduate studies, you will learn all aspects of modern materials and their characterization including metals, ceramics, polymers, and electronic and optical materials. Impacting the future We are constantly assessing our degree programs with an eye on tomorrow\u2019s marketplace. The College of Engineering is a pioneer in developing project- oriented curricula that allows you to apply knowledge in tangible real-world applications. The high quality of our state-of-the-art lab and research facilities are recognized nationwide. With small class sizes, you will work closely with distinguished faculty members to solve complex problems faced by businesses and consumers. You also can take advantage of the invaluable contacts we have with leading companies and corporate partners. The department has 19 faculty members and more than 85 graduate students, plus well-equipped laboratories with outstanding technical support. Our research efforts span size scales from the microscopic to aircraft wings and from atomically precise manufacturing to assembly of hip implants. We have a number of active collaborations within the College of Engineering and with science departments at UNT. We are located at Discovery Park, our 300-acre research facility where innovative, futuristic ideas are investigated daily \u2014 from the development of stealth unmanned vehicles to new energy-efficient lighting materials. Apply for MTSE Grad Track >> Apply online for grad school >> Apply for the international school online >>                  Contact Us:      Department of Materials Science and Engineering     1155 Union Circle #305310 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: 940-565-3260   Fax: 940-565-4824    Visit Us: Discovery Park Suite E-132  https://engineering.unt.edu/materials/              Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. mtse@unt.edu               UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on May 1, 2017  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness               
p2
t.