(S'http://engineering.unt.edu/paccar-technology-institute-research-forum#'
p1
V    PACCAR Technology Institute Research Forum | College of Engineering                            Search the UNT web site:      Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                                    College of Engineering                                 Home Future StudentsOverview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Funding Your Education Research Come Visit Us FAQ  Current StudentsOverview Undergraduate Core Requirements Undergraduate Degree Programs Undergraduate Research Graduate Degree Programs Steps to Graduation Classes & Registration Engineering Scholarships College Tutoring Center Senior Design Career Center Fundamentals of Engineering Exam  FacultyAdministrative Research Research Culture Strategic Plan  AlumniOverview Tell Us Your Stories UNT Alumni Association North Texan Alumni Magazine Career Center Recent Graduate Advisory Board  AdvisingOverview Talk to an Advisor GPA Calculations  DepartmentsBiomedical Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electrical Engineering Engineering Technology Materials Science & Engineering Mechanical & Energy Engineering  About UsWelcome Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services Strategic Plan Open Faculty Positions About Discovery Park Contact Us  Giving          Home    PACCAR Technology Institute Research Forum  Submitted by amn0110 on March 3, 2015 - 5:25pm   On Feb. 6, 2015, the PACCAR Technology Institute, along with UNT's research clusters in Renewable Energy and Conservation and Renewable Bioproducts, hosted a research forum on energy, water and resilience. The event was attended by researchers and students from the College of Engineering's Departments of Materials Science and Engineering and Mechanical and Energy Engineering, along with researchers from the Department of Chemistry (UNT College of Arts and Sciences) and industry representatives. The event included roundtable discussions and the following presentations:  Super hydrophobic porous and non-porous materials for a spectrum of energy and protection applications; Functional materials for energy applications: from all solid state lithium ion battery to glass nuclear waste forms; Nanoparticles for fracking fluid clean up; Water cleaning capability of the activated carbon fabricated from a novel environmental friendly self-activation process; and Predictive Modeling Network for Sustainable Human-Building Ecosystems.  The PACCAR Technology Institute Advisory Board also held a meeting following the presentations.  Start Slideshow        Dr. Yong Tao greets attendees          Dr. Mohammad A. Omary          Dr. Jincheng Du          Mickey Richardson          PACCAR Technology Institute Advisory Board                        About Us      Accreditation Staff Directory Advisory Board Corporate Partners IT Services About Discovery Park Take a Tour Maps & Directions History of the College Strategic Plan Organizational Chart Alumni Videos Photo Gallery               Contact Us:          UNT College of Engineering        3940 N Elm Street  Denton,        TX 76207-7102 USA  Voice: 940-565-4300 Fax: 940-369-8570  Visit Us: UNT Discovery Park http://engineering.unt.edu/       Email us:                  Have questions about website technical issues? Please contact us.                          Have other questions? Please visit our contact page.           UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center                  Site last updated on           May 5, 2017         Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness             
p2
t.