(S'http://studentactivities.unt.edu/'
p1
V           Student Activities Center | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Student Activities Center » Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Student Activities Center  Home About Us Programs and Services Guides Contact DSA Home                      Student Activities Center      What We Do  Student Activities promotes a sense of community and loyalty to the University, while serving to enhance the social, intellectual and developmental growth of students as individuals or as members of organizations. By engaging members of the University community in collaborative efforts, Student Activities nurtures citizenship, leadership, and community, while striving to assist in the holistic development of students.     Other Services  Request a Presentation Find Off-Campus Housing Event Application          Get Connected   One of the goals of Student Activities is to help students make connections on campus and maximize their college experience through student organizations. We have about 400 orgs from which to choose, so there\u2019s something for everyone. And if there\u2019s not, you can create one! Becoming a member of a student organization helps you meet new people, develop leadership skills, and promote your interests while in college. Search Student Orgs Involvement Advising Login to OrgSync      Programs & Services                Involvement Advising   Want to get involved on campus but don't know where to start? The UNT Campus Life Ambassadors can help.    By:  Student Activities Center              Off-Campus Connection   Off-Campus Student Services partners with students who live off-campus to support the creation of a community...   By:  Student Activities Center              Eagle Awards   Every year, Student Activities coordinates the nomination and selection of a number of awards that recognize...   By:  Student Activities Center              EarthFest   EarthFest is a sustainable event celebrating international Earth Day. This year\u2019s event will have live...   By:  Student Activities Center              Family Fun Night   The purpose of this event is to highlight non-traditional students, expose them to available on-campus...   By:  Student Activities Center              Commuter Week   Commuter Week, is a full week of programming just for Commuter Students. During this week you can find events...   By:  Student Activities Center              Student Organizations   One of the goals of Student Activities is to help students make connections on campus and maximize their...   By:  Student Activities Center              Off-Campus Housing   If you are looking for off-campus housing, Off-Campus Student Services can assist you in getting the process...   By:  Student Activities Center                 Connect with Us       student.activities@unt.edu  (940) 565-3807  Physical Address1155 Union Circle, Suite 345         Tweets                                                   Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.