(S'http://pacs.unt.edu/criminal-justice/scholarships/departmental'
p1
V     Departmental | Criminal Justice                                     Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                              Criminal Justice                            Criminal Justice - Primary Links Home About UsWelcome Department of Criminal Justice   ProgramsCareersCriminal Justice Education Federal State County Criminalistics / Forensic Science Graduate School Law School Local Law Enforcement Loss Prevention & Corp. Security Military Peace Corps Private Investigation Research / Intelligence Social Services - Denton County Victim Services   Undergraduate (BSCJ)Campus Based 100% Online Option New College at Frisco   Graduate (MSCJ)Campus BasedApplication & Admissions Policy Manual Degree Requirements Comprehensive Exams Forms   100% Online Option   Graduate CertificatesCorrectional Management Police Management   InternshipsUndergraduate Graduate   Study Abroad Racial Profiling   ScholarshipsDepartmental UNT & Financial Aid   Student AssociationsAlpha Phi Sigma Lambda Alpha EpsilonLAE - Nu Tau Pictures     CalendarCalendar List View   ContactLocation StaffD\u2019Ann Hammett   Faculty      Home About Us Programs Scholarships Student Associations Calendar Contact  Departmental UNT & Financial Aid          Scholarships  Departmental UNT & Financial Aid         Departmental  The Department of Criminal Justice offers three scholarship opportunities for CJUS students. Completed scholarship applications for the 2017-2018 academic year must be submitted to the Department of Criminal Justice, Chilton Hall 265 by March 31, 2017. Jacob Andrew Fritsch Memorial Scholarship A $1,000 scholarship for full-time undergraduates majoring in Criminal Justice who meet the minimum entrance requirements and continuing academic performance standards of the Department of Criminal Justice in effect at the time of the award. Applicants must have completed 12 hours of Criminal Justice courses at UNT prior to receiving the scholarship.  Jacob Andrew Fritsch Memorial Scholarship Application  J. Edgar Hoover Scholarship A $1,000 scholarship for full-time undergraduates majoring in Criminal Justice who have completed at least 75 credit hours of undergraduate work, including at least 15 credit hours at UNT. Applicants must have completed 12 hours of Criminal Justice courses at UNT prior to receiving the scholarship and must have a minimum cumulative grade point average of 3.0 on all undergraduate work completed at the time of the application.   J. Edgar Hoover Scholarship Application   Tory J. Caeti Memorial Scholarship A $1,000 scholarship for graduate students majoring in Criminal Justice. Applicants must be a first semester graduate student in the Department of Criminal Justice and be enrolled as a part-time or full-time student in the Master of Science in Criminal Justice program.  Tory J. Caeti Memorial Scholarship Application  At the time of his death in August 2006, Tory J. Caeti was an Associate Professor in the Department of Criminal Justice at the University of North Texas where he had worked for nine years. His research and teaching interests included the areas of cyber-crime and cyber-terrorism, police management and administration, organizational assessment, juvenile justice, drugs and the criminal justice system, serial homicide, gangs, and research and statistical methods. Dr. Caeti touched the lives of thousands of students. Teaching was his true calling. Although Dr. Caeti is gone, his impact will last forever. This scholarship honors his legacy. The Department of Criminal Justice is in the process of raising funds to support the memorial scholarship honoring the late Dr. Tory Caeti. If you are interested learning more about these efforts, please see the "Caeti-CJ-Brochure.pdf."                       Visit Us    Chilton Hall 265 [map]        Mail Us Criminal Justice   1155 Union Circle #305130   Denton,       TX 76203-5017      Contact Us  Phone: (940) 565-2562 Fax: (940) 565-2548 Email: D'Ann.Hammett@unt.edu            Last updated April 12, 2017   Disclaimer         |         AA/EOE/ADA         |         Privacy          |          Electronic Accessibility         |         State of Texas Online         |         Emergency Preparedness         |         THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information         |         UNT Compliance Hotline         |         Governors Committee on People with Disabilities         |         Texas Veterans Portal         |         UNT Home                         
p2
t.