(S'http://dar.pacs.unt.edu/scholarships'
p1
V                   Scholarships | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Scholarships       There are eleven scholarships available to students who show dedication and promise. All applications except the RSA Scholarship are due by March 31, 2017. RSA applicants can apply at any time. For more information on these scholarships, browse below.    Download Application  RSA Scholarships   The Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation, through support from the U.S. Department of Education\u2019s Rehabilitation Services Administration, has tuition/fee support available for approximately 12 graduate students per year who have been accepted, or are enrolled in, the Rehabilitation Counseling master's program. Support consists of $1,000 per course per semester in tuition and fees. Scholarships have been designated for students who intend to pursue careers within the State-Federal Vocational Rehabilitation (VR) program, or agencies that serve VR consumers.      Download Application  Ft. Worth Area Texas Rehabilitation Association Scholarship   An annual award of $200 to an undergraduate junior, senior or graduate rehabilitation major who has outstanding academic performance (3.0 GPA) and is enrolled full-time.      Download Application  Ken Miner Scholarship   An annual award of $200 to undergraduate juniors and seniors and graduate rehabilitation majors who are clearly outstanding in terms of academic performance. Recipients must be enrolled full-time and have a minimum overall GPA of 3.0. This scholarship is named in honor of Ken Miner, chair and faculty member of the department who provided many years of professional leadership.      Download Application  The Dan Minahan Memorial Scholarship   An annual award of $500 to undergraduate or graduate students involved with physical and psychological rehabilitation issues. This scholarship is in honor of Dan Minahan III, 1984 Bachelor of Science graduate of rehabilitation studies program, and a long time supporter of all the intercollegiate athletics programs at the university.      Download Application  Dr. Genie Davis Scholarship   An annual award of $1000 to graduate rehabilitation counseling majors who are clearly outstanding in terms of academic performance. Recipients must be enrolled full-time and have a minimum overall GPA of 3.5. This scholarship is named in honor of Dr. Genie Davis, long-time faculty member and internship coordinator of the department who provided many years of professional leadership.      Download Application  The Jennifer Wells Memorial Graduate Scholarship in Rehabilitation Counseling   An annual award of $1000 to graduate rehabilitation counseling majors. This fund is in honor of Jennifer Alexis Wells to provide scholarships for rehabilitation counseling graduate students who demonstrate their commitment to community volunteering and to advocating for persons with disabilities. Applicants must meet the minimum entrance and continuing academic performance standards of the department in effect at the time of any award, have a GPA of 3.0 or higher, maintain full time enrollment as established by the university (unless the student is nearing completion of their degree program and does not need full time enrollment), demonstrate eligibility for need-based financial assistance as determined by FAFSA and submit an essay.      Download Application  Cora A. Martin Scholarship   Established in honor of Cora A. Martin, co-founder of the Center for Studies in Aging, at the time of her retirement in 1991, this scholarship is open to graduate students enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master\u2019s degree in Health Services with a concentration in Applied Gerontology. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000.      Download Application  Grace Ann Dudney Memorial Scholarship   Established in 1986 by University of North Texas alumna Linda Dudney and her husband, Philip Dudney, in memory of Grace Ann Dudney, this scholarship is open to graduate student\u2019s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, with a 3.5 GPA or above, and working towards a master\u2019s degree in Applied Gerontology. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000.      Download Application  Mary Jane Dowse Memorial Scholarship   Established in 2002 with a bequest from University of North Texas alumna Mary Jane Dowse, this scholarship is open to graduate and doctoral students enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, with a 3.5 GPA or above, and working towards a degree in Applied Gerontology. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000.      Download Application  Memorial Scholarship   Established in the 1980s with gifts from numerous donors, this scholarship is open to graduate student\u2019s enrolled full-time in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master's or PhD. in Health Services with a concentration in Applied Gerontology. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000.      Download Application   Rapoport/Friedsam Scholarship   Established by Bernard and Audre Rapoport in 1994, in honor of Hiram J. Friedsam, co-founder of the Center for Studies in Aging, this scholarship is open to graduate student\u2019s enrolled fulltime in the College of Public Affairs & Community Service, working towards a master\u2019s degree in Health Services Administration, with a 3.5 GPA or above, and who are pursuing careers in services to the aging population. Typical scholarship awards range from $500-$1,000.                              Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.