(S'http://speechandhearing.unt.edu/BS'
p1
V          Bachelor's Degree and Minor in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Bachelor's Degree and Minor in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology         The bachelor's degree is a pre-professional degree for persons wishing to pursue graduate study in speech-language pathology and audiology. The master's degree is required to be licensed in Texas and for clinical certification by the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association (ASHA). Beginning in the year 2007, the Doctor of Audiology will be the entry level degree needed to practice audiology. The pre-professional program provides basic preparation in the normal development and functioning of speech, language, and hearing, and introductory courses concerned with communication disorders and appropriate remedial procedures. Clinical activities are scheduled concurrently with academic progress and involve diagnostic and therapeutic interaction with speech, language and hearing handicapped individuals under closely supervised conditions. Satisfactory completion of the master's programs or the professional doctorate program enables individuals to meet the academic and clinical practicum requirements for ASHA's Certificate of Clinical Competence and the state of Texas license in speech-language pathology and/or audiology. For more information about the BS Degree or Minor in Speech-Language Pathology & Audiology and/or to schedule an advising appointment, send an email to: lauren.mathews@unt.edu. Bachelor of Science Requirements Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a 2nd Bachelors Degree Course Availability by Semester                        Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.