(S'http://dar.pacs.unt.edu/unt-undergraduate-program-rehabilitation-studies-department-disability-and-addiction-rehabilitation'
p1
V                    UNT | Undergraduate Program in Rehabilitation Studies | Department of Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Bachelor's in Rehabilitation Studies       The demand for professionals assisting individuals with disabilities is rising each year. Our bachelor\u2019s degree program in rehabilitation studies combines a classroom curriculum with practical experience in community services and involvement, guiding students to a fulfilling career in the vast field of rehabilitation.    Inside the Classroom Students involved in the undergraduate program explore the social, psychological and physical impact of disabilities. With small classes taught by an experienced, diverse faculty, students gain a comprehensive understanding of the human service delivery system, gaining skills in advocacy, case management, interpersonal communication, intervention techniques and problem solving. However, the field of rehabilitation cannot be taught in a classroom alone.   Outside the Classroom Throughout the course of the program, students gain invaluable real-world experience. Students participate in the department\u2019s services, such as UNT WELL, which integrates service learning through an on-campus wellness and employment learning laboratory (WELL). Students who participate in the services of UNT WELL are given the opportunity to engage in cutting-edge research regarding evidence-based practices in disability and addiction rehabilitation. Our many outreach services are a vital aspect of the curriculum and overall foundation of the department. For more information on the community services our department is involved in, take a look at our programs and services page. For maximized experience and preparedness for the rehabilitation profession, students also complete a one-semester practicum in a human service agency. Students may select from a variety of programs and organizations to complete this 200-hour supervised practicum.    Requirements Students enrolled in the rehabilitation studies program must maintain a minimum GPA of 2.3 and complete a minimum of 30 credit hours of rehabilitation studies courses. Students are given the opportunity to complete another 12 credit hours in a specialization or certificate program and have the flexibility to add a related minor to their degree plan. Additionally, students are required to complete: 120 college credit hours 42 hours of general academics 48 hours of general electives A minimum of 42 hours of advanced credit One-semester practicum Career Options While many college graduates today are facing difficulties with employment, there is a rise in need for rehabilitation professionals. In fact, many alumni of the rehabilitation studies program hold executive positions with the Texas Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC), the Texas Council for Developmental Disabilities and the Texas Department of Assistive and Rehabilitative Services. The field of rehabilitation offers a large variety of career options. Rehabilitation professionals may work in: Addiction treatment centers Disability accommodation programs at schools and universities Hospitals and clinics, treating individuals with head injuries Independent living and community programs Insurance companies Mental health centers State and federal rehabilitation programs Probation and parole offices Veteran affairs centers Is the Program Right for You? If you are a flexible, compassionate student, eager to serve others through empowerment, the rehabilitation studies program could be your perfect fit.                            Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.