(S'http://pacs.unt.edu/adr/minor-certificates/mediation-certificates'
p1
V     Mediation Certificates | Alternative Dispute Resolution                    Search     Search this site:             Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                              Alternative Dispute Resolution                           in the Department of Community & Professional Programs          ADR Primary links Home About ADRWhat is ADR? Careers and ADR   Getting Started Minor & CertificatesADR Minor Mediation Certificates ADR Certificate Certificate ApplicationADR Certificate Application Mediation Certificates     Course InfoCourse Descriptions Course Format Considerations Course Location Options   FAQS & ResourcesFAQs Resources   Contact UsLocation Faculty & Staff Advising      Home About ADR Getting Started Minor & Certificates Course Info FAQS & Resources Contact Us  ADR Minor Mediation Certificates ADR Certificate Certificate Application          Minor & Certificates  ADR Minor Mediation Certificates ADR Certificate Certificate Application         HomeMediation Certificates     Two separate certificates of completion are available to students who are interested in mediation. One is the Mediation Certificate which is awarded to students who successfully complete PACS 4000 - Mediation and PACS 4060 - Practicum in Mediation and Dispute Resolution. The first of these courses introduces students to conflict management and the use of mediation in a variety of settings. The second course gives students an opportunity to gain hands-on experience by observing sessions conducted by professional mediators and to test their understanding of mediation by analyzing what they have observed. The Mediation Certificate serves as evidence that the student has completed the training contemplated by Texas law for court appointments as a mediator. The other is the Family Mediation Certificate which is awarded to students who complete another course in addition to the two listed above. Students seeking this certificate must also successfully complete PACS 4010 - Family Mediation. This course addresses the advanced skills associated with mediating in divorce and child-custody disputes. The Family Mediation Certificate serves as evidence that the student has completed the additional training contemplated by Texas law for court appointment as a mediator of disputes relating to the parent-child relationship. It is important to note that most successful professional mediators also have training in other areas such as law, accounting, finance, real estate, construction, psychology, or counseling. However, the skills acquired in these certificate programs are great preparation for any number of careers. Beginning Fall 2014, the Mediation and Family Mediation certificates will only be issued to students who complete all of the required ADR coursework at UNT in Denton or at the Collin Higher Education Center. Students who have complete ADR courses at UNT Dallas prior to Fall 2014 are eligible to apply for these certificates.                    Visit Us    Chilton Hall, Suite 263 [map]        Mail Us Alternative Dispute Resolution  1155 Union Circle #305370  Denton,       TX 76203-5017      Contact Us  Phone: 940.565.3437 Email: adr@unt.edu   Technical Problems?            Last updated February 27, 2017   Disclaimer         |         AA/EOE/ADA         |         Privacy          |          Electronic Accessibility         |         State of Texas Online         |         Emergency Preparedness         |         THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information         |         UNT Compliance Hotline         |         Governors Committee on People with Disabilities         |         Texas Veterans Portal         |         UNT Home                
p2
t.