(S'http://dar.pacs.unt.edu/certificate-rehabilitation-counseling'
p1
V                   Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling       The post-graduate advanced certificate in rehabilitation counseling is designed for current and aspiring rehabilitation counselors who intend to pursue the certified rehabilitation counselor credential, per Category R established by the Commission on Rehabilitation Counselor Certification. The certificate requires 21 hours of post-graduate coursework in rehabilitation counseling. Prerequisites This certificate is only open to those with a master's, specialist or doctoral degree in one of the following majors from an accredited institution: Behavioral health Behavioral science Disability studies Human relations Human services Marriage and family therapy Occupational therapy Psychology Psychometrics Rehabilitation Social work Special education Vocational assessment/evaluation. Required Courses: Introduction to Rehabilitation (RHAB 5700) Rehabilitation in a Multicultural Society (RHAB 5710) Rehabilitation Counseling Theories (RHAB 5720) or Rehabilitation Counseling Applications (RHAB 5721) Rehabilitation Assessment (RHAB 5740) Disability Aspects I (RHAB 5730) Employment and Career Development (RHAB 5741) Case Management and Rehabilitation Services (RHAB 5742) Course substitution: Disability Aspects II (RHAB 5731) may be substituted for RHAB 5720 if a counseling theories course has been taken as a part of their previous graduate degree. Other courses may be substituted with permission of the graduate advisor depending if taken a previous graduate degree(s). Students must apply to the UNT Toulouse Graduate School and have transcripts of all academic work sent to UNT. There is a one-time $75 application fee. Students must also complete a program application and upload a resume and self-statement. However, certificate applicants do not need to send in letters of recommendation.  For information regarding gainful employment disclosure data, go to the Toulouse Graduate School certificate disclosure page and select the rehabilitation counseling option.    Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment   Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.