(S'http://dar.pacs.unt.edu/certificate-rehabilitation-studies'
p1
V                   Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies | Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Why DAR? »  Why DAR? Programs in Rehabilitation »  Programs in Rehabilitation History Accreditation and Ranking   Programs in Health Services Request Program Information   Academics »  Academics Undergraduate Programs »  Undergraduate Programs B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies »  B.S. in Rehabilitation Studies Undergraduate Program Outcomes   PAHS - Pathways Program »  PAHS - Pathways Program Pathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources   Accelerated Grad Track Program   Graduate Programs »  Graduate Programs M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling »  M.S. in Rehabilitation Counseling Graduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission   M.S. in Health Services Administration »  M.S. in Health Services Administration Application Procedure Application for Admission     Doctoral Program »  Doctoral Program Doctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission   Minors »  Minors Minor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology   Certificates »  Certificates Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate     Services »  Services Recovery to Practice »  Recovery to Practice RTP Recovery Champions RTP Advisory Board   UNTWISE UNT WELL »  UNT WELL Collegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series     Current Students Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Doctoral Faculty   Scholarships Resources »  Resources Employment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog   News and Events          Search form  Search                Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Disability and Addiction Rehabilitation             Main menu  Home Why DAR?Programs in RehabilitationHistory Accreditation and Ranking  Programs in Health Services Request Program Information  AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsB.S. in Rehabilitation StudiesUndergraduate Program Outcomes  PAHS - Pathways ProgramPathways Admissions Procedure Pathways Application for Admission Pathways Resources  Accelerated Grad Track Program  Graduate ProgramsM.S. in Rehabilitation CounselingGraduate Program Outcomes Application Procedure Application for Admission  M.S. in Health Services AdministrationApplication Procedure Application for Admission   Doctoral ProgramDoctoral Program Application Procedure Application for Admission  MinorsMinor in Rehabilitation Studies Minor in Addiction Studies Minor in Applied Gerontology  CertificatesCertificate in Rehabilitation Counseling Specialist in Aging Certificate Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies Applied Gerontology Certificate   ServicesRecovery to PracticeRTP Advisory Board RTP Recovery Champions  UNTWISE UNT WELLCollegiate Recovery Program Tuesday Night Flight Fall 2016 Lunch and Learn Series   Current Students Faculty and StaffDoctoral Faculty  Scholarships ResourcesEmployment Newsletter Photo Gallery Research Contact DAR Blog  News and Events                       Certificate in Rehabilitation Studies       Unlike other human service workers, rehabilitation studies graduates receive specialized instruction in the areas of disability and employment. The undergraduate academic certificate in rehabilitation studies provides students with fundamental knowledge and skills in these areas for effective interaction with individuals with disabilities. This four-course certificate option addresses an unmet need in the local and regional job market for entry-level community rehabilitation providers to serve an increasing number of people with disabilities, particularly the elderly and individuals with developmental disabilities. Because this certificate is offered through distance learning, individuals with disabilities and current rehabilitation workers seeking higher education will also have greater access to the program. Students who complete the certificate will possess entry-level job skills and exposure to core rehabilitation values. They will enter the field equipped with the competencies needed to provide quality rehabilitation services to individuals with disabilities. Rehabilitation professionals work in variety of programs that serve individuals with disabilities, including community rehabilitation programs, addiction treatment programs, disability accommodation offices in schools and universities, centers for independent living, psychiatric rehabilitation programs, state schools, residential programs and probation and parole offices. The Goal of the Certificate Program is to: Increase the supply of qualified personnel who can meet staffing needs of public and private agencies and facilities engaged in vocational and independent living services to persons with severe physical and/or mental disabilities. Provide a comprehensive academic program that includes coursework addressing the unique and changing needs of programs providing services to persons with disabilities. Required Courses (12 hours): RHAB 3100 Disability & Society  Explores the historical and current treatment of persons with disabilities. Examines the impact of social institutions, public policy and attitude on service marginalization and segregation of persons with disabilities. RHAB 3200 Aspects of Disability I  Discusses the stages of adjustment to disability, the impact of age of onset and its impact on family. This course is an introduction to consumer-based health perspectives with an overview of etiology, progression and treatment of major disabling conditions related to cognition, emotion, addiction and other disorders related to the nervous system. The course includes the interplay of physical, psychosocial and vocational implications of these disorders. RHAB 3900 Case Management in Rehabilitation  Reviews models of case management and caseload management utilized in a broad range of rehabilitation settings. Application of the techniques and tools utilized for rehabilitation interviewing, assessment and individualized planning. Includes professionalism and ethical responsibilities of the rehabilitation case manager. RHAB 4700 Employment Services  Covers basic job development and job placement skills and activities. Includes job analysis, supported employment, transition services, and labor market analysis.     Certificate in Substance Use Disorder Treatment   Certificate in Rehabilitation Counseling                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        Chilton Hall 410 Avenue C, Suite 218 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Disability & Addiction Rehabilitation 1155 Union Circle #311456 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2488 dar@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on April 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on April 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.