(S'http://hps.unt.edu/PACE/pace-learn'
p1
V         PACE Learn | College of Health and Public Service                                      Skip to main content               Home  PACE Menu » Home Partner Learn Research Innovate Resources About Contact          Search form  Search                College of Health and Public Service         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Health and Public Service             PACE Menu  Home Partner Learn Research Innovate Resources About Contact                            PACE  Public Affairs and Community Engagement     Partner   Learn   Research   Innovate   \u201cEducation is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.\u201d \u2013 Nelson Mandela   Learn Experiential Learning  By combining the academic world with the real world, PACE creates real-life laboratories in which students get to practice what they have learned.  These experiences allow faculty, students, and community partners to work together in transformative ways.     Service-Learning An opportunity for students to engage in meaningful community service, connected to course material and grounded in reflection.   Community-Based Research Collaborative projects in which faculty, students, and community partners work together to respond to community-identified needs.   Internships or Practicums A work experience directly related to an academic major that provides opportunities for students to develop knowledge, skills and abilities under the supervision of a professional.   Study Abroad A unique opportunity for students to experience the world as the classroom and learn about cultures and diversity by engaging in coursework outside of the United States.   Living-Learning Community Communities within residence halls that bring students together around a common interest to create learning opportunities outside of the classroom.    Benefits for students Academic Outcomes  Deeper understanding of subject matter than is possible through classroom study alone The capacity for critical thinking and application of knowledge in complex situations The ability to engage in lifelong learning, including learning in the workplace  Social Outcomes  Increased awareness of complex social issues impacting one\u2019s community Stronger connection to resources and services within the community Increased motivation to make a meaningful contribution to one\u2019s community  Career Connect UNT values students engaging in the community in meaningful ways.  Career Connect experiences give students the opportunity to work with a community partner towards a mutually beneficial goal - providing real experiences like internships, volunteer work, research projects, study abroad trips, etc. Every UNT student already has a wide range of community-engaged experiences during their time at UNT.  These can be both classroom and co-curricular.  Connect is a way to integrate the work and showcase skills. As students complete a Connect experience, important skills like communication, teamwork and critical thinking are evaluated and students integrate the work by reflecting and identifying the skills they're building - all to prepare them with marketable skills for careers and graduate degrees.  Learn more about Career Connect Photo credits "Connections" (CC BY-NC 2.0) by moonty "Research" (CC BY-NC 2.0) by Leo Hidalgo (@yompyz) "Artist\u2019s First Palette" (CC BY 2.0) by mckinney75402 "Jaehee fielding questions" (CC BY 2.0) by juhansonin "Changdeokgung_Moonlight_Tour_Foreign_Med" (CC BY-SA 2.0) by KOREA.NET - Official page of the Republic of Korea "Partners" (CC BY 2.0) by JD Hancock                       Visit Us  Chilton Hall       410 S. Avenue C  Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311340 Denton, TX 76203      Contact Us  940-565-2239 HPS@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.