(S'http://hps.unt.edu/PACE/pace-innovate'
p1
V         PACE Innovate | College of Health and Public Service                                      Skip to main content               Home  PACE Menu » Home Partner Learn Research Innovate Resources About Contact          Search form  Search                College of Health and Public Service         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Health and Public Service             PACE Menu  Home Partner Learn Research Innovate Resources About Contact                            PACE  Public Affairs and Community Engagement     Partner   Learn   Research   Innovate       Innovate Create novel strategies and solutions to complex social problems that are more effective, efficient and sustainable than current practices. PACE is a catalyst for measurable social impact.  We want to work with our partners to create mutually beneficial initiatives and together we can strengthen our communities.   Engagement Continuum for Measurable Social Impact   Some Community Involvement Provide information and services to the community. Entities coexist autonomously. Outcomes: Establishes communication and outreach channels.    More Community Involvement Gets information or feedback from the community. Entities share information. Outcomes: Develpps connections.    Better Community Involvement invites and involves community participation on specific issues. Entities cooperate with each other. Outcomes: Visibility of partnership established with increased cooperation.    Community Involvement Forms partnerships with community on each aspect of a project from development to completion. Entities form trust and bidirectional communication channels. Outcomes: Partnership building and trust building    Strong Bidirectional Relationship Maintain strong partnership structures to make community-based decisions. Entities have formed strong partnership structures. Outcomes: Broader social innovation outcomes affecting broader communities.   Social Innovation Empowering future social entrepreneurship by providing mentoring, exposure and up to $25,000 in startup capital to transform their ideas into venture that can address complex social problems.  Coming 2017-2018.   Public-Private Partnerships Developing partnerships that draw upon the unique strengths of each sector to create novel strategies and solutions to complex social problems that are more effective, efficient and sustainable than current practices. Contact us to explore public-private partnership opportunities.   Photo credits "Photobioréacteur de Microphyt" (CC BY-NC-SA 2.0) by Microphyt "Colour Maze" (CC BY 2.0) by zimpenfish "Retro Corporate Logo Goodness_00038" (CC BY 2.0) by jordan_lloyd                         Visit Us  Chilton Hall       410 S. Avenue C  Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311340 Denton, TX 76203      Contact Us  940-565-2239 HPS@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.