(S'http://hps.unt.edu/PACE/pace-resources'
p1
V         PACE Resources | College of Health and Public Service                                      Skip to main content               Home  PACE Menu » Home Partner Learn Research Innovate Resources About Contact          Search form  Search                College of Health and Public Service         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas College of Health and Public Service             PACE Menu  Home Partner Learn Research Innovate Resources About Contact                            PACE  Public Affairs and Community Engagement     Partner   Learn   Research   Innovate   Helpful Documents & More  Experiential Learning Checklist  Reflection Strategies  External Resources  Association for Experiential Education Association for Authentic, Experiential, and Evidenced-Based Learning Association of American Colleges and Universities National Society for Experiential Education    Resources Experiential Learning Experiential learning is an approach to education that emphasizes engaged student learning through direct experience and intense reflection to increase knowledge, acquire lifelong learning and problem-solving skills, and clarify values. Research has shown experiential learning increases the quality and depth of academic study and makes learning more enjoyable and fulfilling for both students and teachers. Within the College of Public Affairs and Community Service, we encourage all types of experiential learning activities, but we focus on projects with the following criteria:  Must have a community partner. Community partners make the experience real. Community is usually thought of as external to UNT, but there are internal UNT communities that can also replicate real-world experiences.  Must be reciprocal. Mutual benefit occurs when the student and the community partner can demonstrate the benefits of the activity. Reciprocal benefit cements the investment of both parties. Must have an outcome or product to ensure the validity of the activity and express benefit to all parties.   These criteria are consistent with UNT Career Connect requirements.  Service-Learning Service-learning is a form of experiential learning in which students engage in activities that are linked to course outcomes and meet a community need. An important component that sets service-learning apart from volunteerism is reflection. Formal and structured reflection allows students to enhance prior knowledge, draw new conclusions, and make meaning of an experience.  How PACE can help:  Help you establish mutually beneficially relationships with community partners Develop course components like reflection activities or assessments. Provide resources like standardized syllabi language and administrative forms                       Visit Us  Chilton Hall       410 S. Avenue C  Denton, TX 76201      Mail Us  University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311340 Denton, TX 76203      Contact Us  940-565-2239 HPS@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.