(S'http://behv.hps.unt.edu/apply'
p1
V         Apply | Behavior Analysis                        Skip to main content               Home         Search form  Search                Behavior Analysis         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Behavior Analysis             Navigation  Home About Faculty & Staff Graduate Undergraduate Research BAO Alumni Resources Shopping cart                 Apply        Graduate Admissions   Thank you for your interest in our graduate program in Behavior Analysis here at the University of North Texas (UNT). We are very proud of our M.S. in Behavior Analysis, which was the first graduate program in the nation to be accredited by the Association for Behavior Analysis - International. Our degree (M.S. in Behavior Analysis) is offered through the Department of Behavior Analysis housed in the College of Public Affairs and Community Service. Thus, we are able to offer what is recognized worldwide as the most extensive training available in behavior analysis at the master\u2019s degree level.   In addition to a world-class faculty and wide range of departmental projects available to students, an array of resources necessary to insure student success are also available at UNT including: a well-stocked library system, computer labs, student health-care, and state-of-the-art workout facilities. The department also makes available computers, printers and some shared office space to allow students to work on departmental lab and clinic projects on site.  Application Procedures Please notice that there are two, separate applications you must submit. Toulouse School of Graduate Studies Application:  A completed application for admission to the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies.  Students can now apply through http://www.applytexas.org. Payment of non-refundable application fee of $75.00 for US Residents Official score reports of appropriate standardized examinations (e.g, the GRE). These examinations may be taken at the UNT Testing Service. Official transcripts from all colleges/universities attended sent directly to UNT.   Submit this information to: UNT Toulouse School of Graduate Studies, 1155 Union Circle - Box # 305459, Denton, TX 76203-5017.  The Department of Behavior Analysis Application:   At least three letters of recommendation and completed recommendation form from professionals in your discipline (BCBA\u2019s, academicians, employers) who can comment on your work habits and your ability to handle graduate level work. A completed Department of Behavior Analysis application Unofficial transcripts from all colleges/universities attended A personal statement of interest outlining your goals, your interests in behavior analysis and why you want to attend the graduate program at UNT.   We also require that all applicants to the master\u2019s program have at least two behavior analysis courses as prerequisites. For students without these prerequisites, we offer one \u201cleveling\u201d course (offered online) that fulfills our prerequisite requirement. You can get more information about this course by contacting Ms Laura Davis at laura.davis@unt.edu or by calling 940.369.7879.   The application deadline for Fall admission is January 15th. We look forward to receiving your application by the deadline. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about our department and program not answered in the sources listed here. If you need to reach someone in the university, please use the following 800 number: 1-800-UNT-8211.                              Visit Us  Chilton Hall        410 S. Avenue C Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       Department of Behavior Analysis 1155 Union Circle, Box 310919 University of North Texas Denton, TX 76203-0919       Contact Us   940-565-2274 ruth.cross@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on March 21, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 21, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.