(S'http://sowk.hps.unt.edu/about-us'
p1
V          What is Social Work? | Social Work                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About »  About What is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council   Admissions »  Admissions Getting Started Program Admission   Degree »  Degree Degree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors   Field Practicum For Students »  For Students Scholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students   Contact Us          Search form  Search                Social Work         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Social Work             Main menu  Home AboutWhat is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council  AdmissionsGetting Started Program Admission  DegreeDegree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors  Field Practicum For StudentsScholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students  Contact Us                   What is Social Work?       Helping people overcome some of the challenges associated with abuse, poverty, homelessness, addiction, aging, disability, illness, and discrimination is the heart of social work. Social workers are skilled in ethics, human development and behavior, in ways of helping others, and in the nature and impact of a particular social problem like child abuse or homelessness. They work in a number of different settings including: Child welfare and family service agencies Hospitals or hospice Community mental health or substance abuse treatment centers Retirement centers, skilled nursing centers, or other places that serve the needs of the elderly and their families Prisons and the justice system Schools and community programs There are several ways that social workers support their clients.  They help them secure resources and necessary services.  For example, a social worker might locate affordable housing for an impoverished mother or find a suitable foster home for an abused child.  Clinical social workers provide therapy to people who are experiencing personal problems, who are mentally ill, or who have some type of addiction.  Other social workers teach, conduct research, or help make the world a better place by developing or shaping public policy.                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       1155 Union Circle #304248 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3437 socialwork@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.