(S'http://sowk.hps.unt.edu/potential-careers'
p1
V          Potential Careers | Social Work                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About »  About What is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council   Admissions »  Admissions Getting Started Program Admission   Degree »  Degree Degree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors   Field Practicum For Students »  For Students Scholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students   Contact Us          Search form  Search                Social Work         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Social Work             Main menu  Home AboutWhat is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council  AdmissionsGetting Started Program Admission  DegreeDegree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors  Field Practicum For StudentsScholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students  Contact Us                   Potential Careers       Social work is a great career choice if you are interested in helping and advocating for others. Additionally, job prospects for social workers remain strong. The Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates that demand for social workers will grow by 25% from 2010 to 2020\u2014far faster than the average. As a social worker, you will have a lot of choice in how you practice your profession. There are four broad categories of social workers: Medical and public health  They help patients understand their diagnosis and help make plans for their needs after discharge from the hospital or a care center. Some specialize in providing assistance to the elderly or people who have been diagnosed with a terminal illness. Mental health and substance abuse  They assess and treat people suffering from mental illness or addictions and arrange for on-going support services. Child and family   They help families find and coordinate services or apply for benefits like food stamps or housing.  They also protect abused and vulnerable children. They work to help keep families together and safe for children.  When needed, they locate foster homes or arrange adoptions. School  They help students achieve their academic and personal potential by acting as a link between them, their parents/guardians, and school officials. They work with students who are struggling with issues like truancy, teen pregnancy, behavior problems, drug or alcohol abuse, or some type of disability. Some positions in social work require a master's degree. You can learn more about social work and which area of this dynamic field might be most suitable for you by visiting with one of our faculty members.  You can also get help planning your future by contacting UNT's Career Center.                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       1155 Union Circle #304248 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3437 socialwork@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.