(S'http://sowk.hps.unt.edu/accreditation'
p1
V          Accreditation | Social Work                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About »  About What is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council   Admissions »  Admissions Getting Started Program Admission   Degree »  Degree Degree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors   Field Practicum For Students »  For Students Scholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students   Contact Us          Search form  Search                Social Work         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Social Work             Main menu  Home AboutWhat is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council  AdmissionsGetting Started Program Admission  DegreeDegree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors  Field Practicum For StudentsScholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students  Contact Us                   Accreditation       The UNT Social Work program is accredited by the Council on Social Work Education (CSWE): 1701 Duke Street Suite 200 Alexandria, VA 22314 (703) 683-8080 This accreditation means that our program meets or exceeds strict academic standards for excellence in education.  Students who have earned a Bachelor's degree in Social Work (BSW) from a CSWE accredited institution are eligible to become licensed social workers in the State of Texas.  In most cases, they are also eligible for "advanced standing" if they decide to purse a Master's degree in Social Work (MSW).  While details differ by graduate program, students with advanced standing are exempt from taking certain graduate classes.  This enables them to earn an MSW in less time. The results from the most recent assessment of student learning outcomes for the social work program are available for review in the CSWE Assessment of Student Learning Outcome Report.                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       1155 Union Circle #304248 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3437 socialwork@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.