(S'http://sowk.hps.unt.edu/getting-started'
p1
V          Getting Started | Social Work                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About »  About What is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council   Admissions »  Admissions Getting Started Program Admission   Degree »  Degree Degree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors   Field Practicum For Students »  For Students Scholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students   Contact Us          Search form  Search                Social Work         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Social Work             Main menu  Home AboutWhat is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council  AdmissionsGetting Started Program Admission  DegreeDegree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors  Field Practicum For StudentsScholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students  Contact Us                   Getting Started       UNT offers a bachelor's in social work degree (BSW). To get started earning this degree, you must first seek admission to UNT.  If you are attending college for the very first time, you can learn more about admissions from our Freshman Overview.  If you are taking courses from another university or community college, you can learn more about entering UNT and getting transfer credit from TransferNow. All students start the program as "pre social work" majors. You should indicate this major when completing your ApplyTexas application. The pre-social work part of the degree program takes approximately two years to complete and consists of core courses, electives and/or minor classes, and three social work prerequisites: SOWK 1450 \u2013 Introduction to Social Work SOWK 2430 \u2013 Policies, Issues, and Programs in Social Welfare SOCI 1520 \u2013 Contemporary Social Problems (Advisor may recommend alternative for Fall 2017 cohort) Your academic counselor, Stephanie Myers, will help you develop a degree plan that takes into consideration your scheduling needs. She can also help answer questions on issues like high school AP classes and transfer credits, as well as make suggestions on your minor course of study. Students typically apply for program admission in their sophomore year. Admission to the social work major is competitive and is based on performance in prerequisite classes, an essay and the completion of a degree plan by a faculty member.                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       1155 Union Circle #304248 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3437 socialwork@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.