(S'http://sowk.hps.unt.edu/admission'
p1
V          Program Admission | Social Work                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About »  About What is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council   Admissions »  Admissions Getting Started Program Admission   Degree »  Degree Degree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors   Field Practicum For Students »  For Students Scholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students   Contact Us          Search form  Search                Social Work         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Social Work             Main menu  Home AboutWhat is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council  AdmissionsGetting Started Program Admission  DegreeDegree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors  Field Practicum For StudentsScholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students  Contact Us                   Program Admission       Students must apply and be formally admitted into the Social Work program at UNT. This typically occurs at the end of the student's sophomore year. Applications into the program are reviewed each spring and fall semesters for admission the following term.  Admission is competitive and because of faculty-to-student ratio requirements associated with accreditation guidelines, the number of students who may be admitted into the program each semester varies. Application deadlines for the upcoming academic year are as follows:    Application Deadline   Admission Notification   Program Entry   March 9th, 2017, 5:00pm   Approximately 6 weeks later   Fall 2017  Admission RequirementsIn order to be considered for admission, students must meet the following requirements:  Have successfully completed or are currently taking the following Social Work prerequisite courses at UNT, or the equivalents at another university or community college:  SOWK 1450 \u2013 Introduction to Social Work   SOWK 2430 \u2013 Policies, Issues, and Programs in Social Welfare   SOCI 1520 \u2013 Contemporary Social Problems {Advisor may recommend alternative for Fall 2017 cohort)    Have an overall GPA of 2.25 or higher\u200b  Admissions Process Applicants must meet admission requirements AND submit all required materials to the Department of Community & Professional Programs by 5:00 pm on the date of the application deadline.  Students may also submit their application electronically in pdf format by the deadline with all required attachments.  These  can be submitted to Dr. Thomas .  Please note that an application will not be reviewed until all of the following materials have been received:  Application for Admission to UNT's Bachelor of Social Work Program;   Obtain Degree Audit from College of Public Affairs & Community Services (takes 24 hours to process) Advising Office;   Schedule consultation and meet with Social Work Faculty Advisor to complete Semester-by-Semester Plan (Students must bring the Degree Audit and Initial Semester-by-Semester Plan provided by Advising Office).  Name of assigned advisors for the semester are indicated below.  This completed plan must be attached to application;   Complete Cover Sheet (see Application for Admission \u2013 must submit with application)   Written Responses / Personal Statement.  Specific instructions on the personal statement may be found on program application form.  This statement consists of your responses to the following questions:  What makes a good social worker?   What strengths do you possess that will make you a good social worker? Give evidence to support your statements.  What additional strengths do you need to cultivate?  What challenges do you face?   What do you see as the most important social problem(s) facing your country today?  What should a good social worker do to respond to the problem(s)?  (Foreign students may choose to address issues in the U.S. or their home country.)    Assigned Social Work Faculty Advisors Student last names beginning with letters indicated are assigned to the corresponding social work professor for advising.  The Social Work Faculty Advisor will consult with the student to complete the required Semester-by-Semester Plan needed to apply to the program.  Assignments for spring 2017 are as follows: A \u2014 C            Professor Cassidy Baker D \u2014 H            Dr. Hadidja Nyiransekuye I \u2014 M             Dr. Cecilia Thomas N \u2014 R            Professor Jennifer Middleton S \u2014 Z             Professor Brenda Sweeten Application to Social Program Applicants must meet admission requirements AND submit all required materials by the deadline.  Please note that an application will not be reviewed until all of the following materials have been received: Application for Admission to UNT's Bachelor of Social Work Program;\u200b Include the following materials:  Cover Sheet, Semester-by-Semester Plan, and Written Responses (Personal Statement) Deadline:  March 9 by 5:00 PM Where to Submit? Chilton Hall, Suite #263 \u2013 Reads \u2018Community and Professional Programs\u2019 on the door (located by computer lab on 2nd floor) Applications will not be considered if they are late or if any materials are missing Students may also submit their application electronically in PDF format by the deadline with all required attachments.  It is suggested that this is submitted the day before with a request for confirmation of receipt.  These can be submitted to Dr. Thomas .    Admissions Notification Applicants who are admitted to the UNT Social Work degree program are formally notified via the students\u2019 official UNT email account or for transfer students the student\u2019s mailing address.   Please note that the UNT Social Work program consistently receives more qualified applicants than it can accept.                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       1155 Union Circle #304248 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3437 socialwork@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.