(S'http://sowk.hps.unt.edu/degree-plan'
p1
V          Suggested Minors | Social Work                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About »  About What is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council   Admissions »  Admissions Getting Started Program Admission   Degree »  Degree Degree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors   Field Practicum For Students »  For Students Scholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students   Contact Us          Search form  Search                Social Work         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Social Work             Main menu  Home AboutWhat is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council  AdmissionsGetting Started Program Admission  DegreeDegree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors  Field Practicum For StudentsScholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students  Contact Us                   Suggested Minors       Pursuing a minor can help you professionally by providing you with additional skills that complement your major in social work. It may also be helpful if you decide to attend graduate school. Most minors at UNT only require 18 hours of coursework and can be easily incorporated into your degree plan. Listed below are suggested minor programs and the areas of social work to which they most often apply. Applied Gerontology Applied gerontology is the study of aging and the problems associated helps prepare students to work with elders in a wide range of settings such as nursing homes, hospitals, senior centers, and living in the community. Behavior Analysis Behavior Analysis is the study of how a person's conduct is affected by events in the social and physical environment as well as how to change behavior to improve lives. This is great preparation for social work practice areas that involve troubled adolescents or children with autism. Criminal Justice Criminal justice is the study of different dimensions of the U.S. justice system including law enforcement, corrections, and probation. It also covers public policy, criminological theory, and victims' issues. This is great preparation for social work students who are interested in working with offenders or in victim advocacy. Development and Family Studies Students who pursue this minor learn about human development and how to enhance the well-being of children and families. This is a helpful minor for social work students are interested in child welfare or other practice areas that focus primarily on children. Drug Abuse and Addictions With the wide prevalence of drug / alcohol abuse and addictions within society, this minor could be helpful in any setting you work as a social worker. Leadership of Community and Nonprofit Organizations (LCNO) LCNO is the study of various aspects of nonprofit organizations including fundraising, volunteer management, grant administration, and management. Many social workers are employed by and seek advancement in nonprofit organizations. Psychology Students who pursue this minor study the science of the mind and human behavior.  This is good preparation regardless of where you practice as a social worker. Rehabilitation Studies Rehabilitation Studies teaches students to work with and improve the lives of people who have some type of physical, mental, or emotional disability. This minor is great preparation for social work students interested in practicing in schools, hospitals, assisted living centers, mental health centers and state or federal rehabilitation programs. Sociology Sociology is the study of human social behavior. Sociologists are experts on human diversity\u2014race, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, aging, and social class. They also study the functioning of various social institutions like healthcare and the social patterns of disease.  This minor is great preparation for students who are interested in working in hospitals, skilled nursing units, or rehabilitation centers. Spanish Regardless of where you practice as a social worker in Texas, knowing some Spanish will be helpful and minoring in this language will give you a good start. Please note that this minor requires 21 hours of coursework.                             Visit Us  Chilton Hall        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       1155 Union Circle #304248 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3437 socialwork@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.