(S'http://sowk.hps.unt.edu/scholarship'
p1
V          Scholarship | Social Work                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About »  About What is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council   Admissions »  Admissions Getting Started Program Admission   Degree »  Degree Degree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors   Field Practicum For Students »  For Students Scholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students   Contact Us          Search form  Search                Social Work         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Social Work             Main menu  Home AboutWhat is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council  AdmissionsGetting Started Program Admission  DegreeDegree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors  Field Practicum For StudentsScholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students  Contact Us                   Scholarship       Social Work Students Raise Money in Child Abuse Awareness Campaign Students in the Child Welfare class last spring raised $450 to help abused and neglected children in the local community through a campus-wide Child Abuse Awareness Campaign. To promote awareness, students handed out water bottles with information on how to identify signs of abuse and neglect as well as how to report mistreatment. Over 1000 blue \u201cawareness\u201d ribbons were pinned on students, faculty and staff. The funds, generated through t-shirt sales and cash collections, were donated to CASA of Denton County\u2014a nonprofit organization that advocates for abused and neglected children. Sherri Gideon, Executive Director of CASA, thanked the students for their efforts saying, \u201cI cannot think of a more meaningful way to honor the children that CASA serves. Your support and generosity are a blessing.\u201d   Students in picture (left to right): Emily Beale, Kajal Patel, Amanda Thaner.                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       1155 Union Circle #304248 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3437 socialwork@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.