(S'http://sowk.hps.unt.edu/organizations'
p1
V          Student Organizations | Social Work                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About »  About What is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council   Admissions »  Admissions Getting Started Program Admission   Degree »  Degree Degree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors   Field Practicum For Students »  For Students Scholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students   Contact Us          Search form  Search                Social Work         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Social Work             Main menu  Home AboutWhat is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council  AdmissionsGetting Started Program Admission  DegreeDegree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors  Field Practicum For StudentsScholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students  Contact Us                   Student Organizations       There are about 350 different student organizations on the UNT campus that are a great way to get involved and connect with others who share your personal or professional interests. There are three student organizations specifically for students interested in social work. See Code of conduct (pdf) document. Social Work Student Association (SWSA) The SWSA provides you with the opportunity to become involved in campus and community activities that promote social work values, practice, and increase the visibility of the profession. Both pre-social work and social work majors are eligible for membership. The SWSA is a great way to have fun and get to know faculty and students outside of class. Throughout the year SWSA meets regularly and organizes several events. Visit the SWSA on Facebook. 2016 - 2017 Officers President: Erin Lukacs Vice President: Cynthia McIntosh Treasurer: Madison Harper Secretary: Claire Whitehead Volunteer Coordinator: Vanessa Moreno Outreach Coordinator Tiffany Templet Public Information Officer: Lacey Landua Liaison Officer: Ashely Tetteh Faculty Advisor: Cassidy Baker Persevere UNTil Success Happens (PUSH)  PUSH, Persevere UNTil Success Happens, was founded by a group of UNT Social Work students who experienced the foster care system during their childhood. The purpose of the organization is to raise awareness about child abuse and neglect, to encourage young people in the foster care system to attend college, and to provide mutual support and encouragement in their journey at UNT.  Last April, PUSH received the Student Organization Community Service Award and was recognized for leadership in student organizations. Membership is open to all students with a desire to advocate for college-bound students who are in the foster care system. Learn more about PUSH on Facebook.  2016 \u2013 2017 Officers President:  Kiara Powell Vice President:  Vacant Secretary:  Payton Hernandez Treasurer:  Brandon Tyler Outreach Officer:  Michelle Fulbright Historian:  Marisa Vasquez Faculty Advisor:  Brenda Sweeten Phi Alpha Honor Society Phi Alpha is the national honor society for social work students.  It promotes and recognizes educational excellence and fosters humanitarian goals and ideals.  Undergraduate students are eligible for membership if they meet the following requirements: Declared Social Work major Have sophomore status (have completed at least 60 hours of coursework) Completed 9 semester credit hours of social work courses Achieved an overall GPA of 3.0 Achieved a 3.25 GPA in required social work courses  2016 \u2013 2017 Officers President:  Marsha Andrews Vice President:  Teri Lynn Secretary:  Katelyn Gilchrist Treasurer:  Zasia Giddings Public Information Officer:  Samantha Nava Liaison Officer:  Megan Freed Faculty Advisor:  Cecilia Thomas                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       1155 Union Circle #304248 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3437 socialwork@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.