(S'http://sowk.hps.unt.edu/outstanding-students'
p1
V          Outstanding Students | Social Work                                  Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About »  About What is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council   Admissions »  Admissions Getting Started Program Admission   Degree »  Degree Degree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors   Field Practicum For Students »  For Students Scholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students   Contact Us          Search form  Search                Social Work         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Health and Public Service Social Work             Main menu  Home AboutWhat is Social Work? Potential Careers Accreditation Advisory Council  AdmissionsGetting Started Program Admission  DegreeDegree Reqs Course Information Degree Plan Suggested Minors  Field Practicum For StudentsScholarship Student Organizations Outstanding Students  Contact Us                   Outstanding Students       Fannie Belle Gaupp Outstanding Student Award This award is named in honor of Fannie Belle Gaupp, the founding director of the social work program at UNT, who provided many years of professional leadership and service. The award recognizes scholarship, leadership and character, participation in social work activities, and the potential for future contributions to the field of social work. This award is given annually at the University Honors Day ceremony in April and includes a $500 cash award. A faculty committee selects the awardee at the completion of the fall semester. Please note that there is no application for this award. All social work majors at UNT are eligible for consideration. Jordan Holley The Social Work faculty recognized Jordan Holley with a Fannie Belle Gaupp Outstanding Student Award at UNT Honors Day, an annual event that honors the most accomplished of students, faculty and staff. Holley has worked as a crisis intervention specialist with Denton County Friends of the Family; served as student representative on the national board member for the National Association of Social Workers; as vice president of UNT\u2019s chapter of the Social Work Student Association and as president of Phi Alpha Honor Society for Social Work. Over the last two years, Holley has also organized a graduate career fair for social work students at UNT and TWU. "Jordan has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to the field of social work,\u201d said Brenda Sweeten, lecturer and social work field director in UNT\u2019s social work program. \u201cWhat sets him apart is that he is always encouraging to peers, and he stands as an excellent example of what service to others and the community is all about." Holley received his bachelor of social work degree on May 10th and will pursue a master\u2019s degree in social work at Texas Christian University starting Fall 2014. Holley said his teachers have inspired him to live in the present and be compassionate and competent in all areas of his life. \u201cIf you put your heart and mind into your passion, anything and everything is possible,\u201d he said. \u201cI get so much energy from encouraging others in life.\u201d  William A. Luker Award for Student Involvement This scholarship was established in honor of the late William A. Luker, Dean of the College of Health and Public Service (HPS) from 1982-1991. The purpose of this fund is to support academically talented students in HPS.     Jackie Davis    The College of Public Affairs & Community Service recently awarded Jackie Davis the William A. Luker Award for Student Involvement for 2013-2014. Davis is actively engaged in the local community and state as an advocate for children and youth in foster care. He is a founding member and the president of Persevere UNTil Success Happens (PUSH), a student organization that provides support to foster care alumni seeking a college education. A gifted speaker, Davis is frequently invited to speak to community groups and non-profit organizations about his experiences as a child in foster care and his journey to earn a college degree. He delivered the welcoming address and participated on a panel with fellow UNT students at the National CASA Conference in Grapevine in June. He has served as a HPS Ambassador for Social Work, has volunteers in the community at Child Protective Services (CPS) and at fundraisers for CASA of Denton County. He has, along with other members of PUSH, have trained child welfare workers and child advocates, staff at Cumberland Presbyterian Children's Home and even UNT faculty and staff who serve as Campus Champions for the PUSH Initiative Program. Davis mentors youth in the community and is admired greatly by his peers.    William A. Luker Award for Student Involvement This scholarship was established in honor of the late William A. Luker, Dean of the College of Health and Public Service (HPS) from 1982-1991. The purpose of this fund is to support academically talented students in HPS.     Erin Poppenger    Erin Poppenger, who graduated May 2013, is the recipient of theWilliam A. Luker Award for Student Involvement for 2012-2013.  She has worked tirelessly serving a number of local community organizations. Poppenger participated in service learning and volunteered for Child Protective Services, Communities and Schools of North Texas, Denton Kinship Fair and Adoption Day, CASA, Red Cross to Armed Forces Dallas Branch, and Denton Red Cross Disaster Action team. She has been recognized on the president's and dean's lists and is a member of several honor societies.  In 2012, she won theTexoma National Association of Social Workers Student of the Year Award and the Silver President's Volunteer Service Award from the Dallas Area Chapter of the American Red Cross.  Poppenger, a Lantana resident, was also awarded a scholarship stipend from the Title IV-E Child Welfare program.                           Visit Us  Chilton Hall        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   College of Health and Public Service       1155 Union Circle #304248 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-3437 socialwork@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 27, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 27, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.