(S'http://aslp.hps.unt.edu/mrs-presley'
p1
V          Mrs. Presley | Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology                                 Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact Information »  Contact Information Faculty and Staff »  Faculty and Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Staff     Programs »  Programs Program Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology »  Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree Minor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology   Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology »  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language Pathology Leveling / Out-of-Field   Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research   Clinic »  Clinic Speech and Language Services »  Speech and Language Services Testimonials, SLP   Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation »  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing Conservation Testimonials, AUD   Tinnitus Services   Career Opportunities Forms, Resources »  Forms, Resources Grad Student Assistantships Scholarships Schedule of Classes Professional Organizations Student Associations Resources »  Resources Video System Support Request              Search form  Search                Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                           Department of Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology             Main menu  Home Strategic Plan & Mission Contact InformationFaculty and StaffFaculty Adjunct Faculty Staff   ProgramsProgram Statistics Bachelor's Degree in Speech-Language Pathology/AudiologyMinor in Audiology & Speech-Language Pathology Obtaining a Second Bachelor's Degree  Master of Science Degree Program in Speech-Language PathologyLeveling / Out-of-Field  Doctor of Audiology (Au.D.) Ph.D. in Health Services Research  ClinicSpeech and Language ServicesTestimonials, SLP  Hearing Services, Hearing Aids, and Hearing ConservationTestimonials, AUD  Tinnitus Services  Career Opportunities Forms, ResourcesGrad Student Assistantships Schedule of Classes Scholarships Professional Organizations Student Associations ResourcesVideo System Support Request                  Mrs. Presley      ShannonPresleyMS, CCC-SLPLecturer and Clinical Supervisor940-369-7298shannon.presley@unt.eduShannon Presley received her M.S. in speech-language pathology from the University of North Texas. She has worked as a speech clinical supervisor at the University of North Texas since January of 2005. Prior to working at the UNT clinic, Mrs. Presley worked in a day neuro program for brain injured adults. At the UNT Speech and Hearing Clinic, her clientele includes both school aged children and adults. In addition, Mrs. Presley coordinates group programs for adults with brain injuries as well as users of Augmentative and Alternative Communication. She also is a member of a team assessment with the Child and Family Resource Clinic for school age children and completes voice evaluations with a faculty member. Specific areas of interest include: Adult neurogenic communication disorders, Voice disorders, Augmentative and Alternative Communication (AAC), and Dyslexia. In addition to supervising graduate students in the clinic, Mrs. Presley teaches a graduate clinic course as well as an undergraduate introductory course in the major. Last, she has presented at the Texas Speech Language Hearing Association Conference with faculty as well as graduate students on areas of narrative skills, AAC, and dyslexia.                        Visit Us  Speech & Hearing Clinic        907 W. Sycamore St. Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us           1155 Union Circle #305010  Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-2481 speechandhearing@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on May 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.