(S'http://euphonium.music.unt.edu/prospective'
p1
V          Welcome Prospective Students! | Euphonium | College of Music                                    Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Faculty The Studio »  The Studio Current Students Alumni   Student Information »  Student Information Current Students »  Current Students Syllabus   Prospective Students »  Prospective Students Undergraduate Graduate International     Calendar News Tuba Valentines Larry Roark Endowment          Search form  Search                Euphonium | College of Music         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Music Euphonium | College of Music             Main menu  Home Faculty The StudioCurrent Students Alumni  Student InformationCurrent StudentsSyllabus  Prospective StudentsUndergraduate Graduate International   Calendar News Tuba Valentines Larry Roark Endowment                Welcome Prospective Students!       Included in this area is information regarding upcoming events, how to prepare yourself for an audition at UNT, degree information, and other information pertinent to potential studio members. Please contact Dr. Brian Bowman for more information. Join ITEA! All stduents in Dr. Bowman's studio are members of the North Texas chapter of ITEA. The purpose of NT-ITEA is to promote the tuba and euphonium in the North Texas area. We plan to accomplish this task through fundraisers, such as TubaValentines, guest artists, commissioning, and competitions. If you would like more information about joining ITEA and NT-ITEA, contact Dave Seip. Audition Recommendations This and more information can be found at the UNT College of Music admissions page. Undergraduate Concentration: (Education, Jazz, Theory, Composition, History Majors) Galliard - Sonata No.1; Hutchinson - Sonatina; Rochut - Melodious Etudes (any etude in book 1); any solo from the performance major list below; all major scales. Please note that the works listed are only suggested pieces. Standard works of comparable quality may be substituted with prior approval of the euphonium faculty. Undergraduate Performance Major: (You are required to choose one solo from this list in addition to the Arban\u2019s study. There is no memory requirement.) Guilmant - Morceau Symphonique; Barat - Andante et Allegro; Capuzzi/Catelinet - Andante and Rondo; Bellstedt - Napoli Variations; Pryor - Blue Bells of Scotland; Arban - Characteristic Study No. 1.   Graduate Euphonium: In addition to the admission requirements to the Toulouse School of Graduate Studies, all students must qualify by audition for acceptance into graduate performance programs in the College of Music. Both on campus auditions and off campus auditions are scheduled in January, February, and March of each year. A live audition is recommended for entering graduate performance students. Admission via audio or video recording may result in provisional acceptance into a graduate performance program and will require a live audition as a part of the jury at the conclusion of either the following fall or spring semester. Admission will be based upon a successful performance of specific required audition repertoire. A maximum of two auditions attempts are permitted. Memorization is not required. Graduate Brass Concentration Study: (Music Education, Theory, Composition, Conducting) Consult with appropriate applied music faculty for audition repertory and procedure. Euphonium Master of Music: (select one solo and all excerpts) Solos:Jacob - Fantasia; Picchi/Mantia - Fantasie Originale; Horovitz - Concerto: Boccalari - Fantasia di ConcertoExcerpts: Sousa - Stars and Stripes Forever; Moussorgsky/Ravel - Pictures at an Exhibition(Bydlo). Euphonium Doctor of Musical Arts: (select one solo and all excerpts)Solos:Ponchielli - Concerto; Bourgeois - Concerto, Op. 114; Cosma - Concerto: Curnow - Symphonic Variants Excerpts: Sousa - Stars and Stripes Forever; Moussorgsky/Ravel - Pictures at an Exhibition (Bydlo); Schoenberg - Theme and Variations; Makris - Aegean Festival; Strauss - Ein Heldenleben; Holst - The Planets.                             Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA         Mail Us   College of Music       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-2791 Brian.Bowman@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on November 10, 2016  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on November 10, 2016 | Important Links           
p2
t.