(S'http://euphonium.music.unt.edu/news'
p1
V          News | Euphonium | College of Music                                    Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Faculty The Studio »  The Studio Current Students Alumni   Student Information »  Student Information Current Students »  Current Students Syllabus   Prospective Students »  Prospective Students Undergraduate Graduate International     Calendar News Tuba Valentines Larry Roark Endowment          Search form  Search                Euphonium | College of Music         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Music Euphonium | College of Music             Main menu  Home Faculty The StudioCurrent Students Alumni  Student InformationCurrent StudentsSyllabus  Prospective StudentsUndergraduate Graduate International   Calendar News Tuba Valentines Larry Roark Endowment                News       May 2015: Great Plains Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference (GPRTEC) held at the Wanda L Bass School of Music at Oklahoma City University: Competitions: Solo Artist: Takahiro Iwamitsu, finalist Solo Student Division: Brandon Hawkins, winner Mock Audition: Takahiro Iwamitsu, winner   Guest Artist Recitals: North Texas Euphonium Quartet   Congratulations to our 2015 Leonard Falcone International Tuba and Euphonium Festival Semi-finalists: Solo Artist: Irving Ray, Blake Birmingham, Tom Mahovsky, Takahiro Iwamitsu, Vince Kenney (Erik Lundquist, alternate) Student Division: Aaron Becker, Brandon Hawkins, (Ada Brooks - incoming freshman)   April 2015: North East Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference (NERTEC) held at the Ithaca College School of Music: Competitions: Mock Audition: Erik Lundquist, winner Bijan Davenshar, Ray Henrickson, finalists   March 2015: South East Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference (SERTEC) held at the University of Tennessee: Guest Artist Recitals: North Texas Euphonium Quartet New Acoustic Metal Experiment (NAME) Tuba Euphonium Quartet   South Central Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference (SCRTEC) held at the University of Central Arkansas: Competitions: Solo Artist: Erik Lundquist, 1st place Sunny Chou, 3rd place Mock Audition: Erik Lundquist, 1st place Irving Ray, 2nd place   Guest Artist Recitals: Solo recitals:  Geoff Durbin Patrick Nyren Richard Demy   Ensembles: North Texas Euphonium Quartet   February 2015: North Texas Euphonium Quartet performs a guest artist recital at TMEA   January 2015: The United States Army Band Tuba Euphonium Workshop (TUSABTEW) Mock Euphonium Audition:  Irving Ray and Vince Kenney, tied for runner-up Danny Chapa and Erik Lundquist, finalists   Big congratulations to Vince Kenney for being offered the position of Adjunct Instructor of Music at North Central Texas College!    November 2014:  North Texas Euphonium Quartet performs a guest artist recital at Texas Tech University.   October 2014: North Texas Euphonium Quartet performs a recital UNT and features both Dr. Bowman and Tony Baker as guest soloists.   September 2014: North Texas Euphonium Quartet performs guest artist recitals at Illinois Wesleyan University and the University of Illinois.   August 2014:  The 2014 Leonard Falcone International Tuba and Euphonium Festival Results:  Artist Solo Euphonium Competition: Vince Kenney, 3rd place Irving Ray, Donald Bruce semi-finalists   May 2014: International Tuba Euphonium Conference (ITEC) 2014 held at the Jacob\u2019s School of Music at Indiana University. Competitions: Solo Artist:  Richard Demy, 3rd place Mock Audition: Matt Solis, 2nd place Irving Ray, Richard Demy, finalists   Ensemble performances: The Founder\u2019s Tuba Euphonium Quartet UNT Euphonium Choir   April 2014: North Texas Euphonium Quartet concludes its 2014 spring tour with a guest artist performance at the Eastman School of Music.   March 2014: North Texas Euphonium Quartet continues their tour with guest artist performances at University of Nebraska at Kearney and Sam Houston State University.   February 2014: North Texas Euphonium Quartet begins its first collegiate tour by performing as a guest artist at Baylor University and Oklahoma State University.   January 2014: The United States Army Band Tuba Euphonium Workshop (TUSABTEW) Mock Euphonium Audition: Erik Lundquist, winner   The Founder\u2019s Tuba Euphonium Quartet goes on tour and performs guest artist recitals at: Henderson StateUniversity,  Oklahoma State University, Oklahoma City University and UNT. Members include: Danny Chapa, Jamie Lipton, Ryan Robinson and Steven Kunzer.   August 2013: The 2013 Leonard Falcone International Tuba and Euphonium Festival Results: Artist Solo Euphonium Competition: Geoff Durbin, 1st place Chris McGinty, 2nd place Irving Ray, 3rd place Vince Kenney, Patrick Nyren semi-finalists Student Division:  Lacy Smith, Andrew Lyster semi-finalists   May 2013: Jeremy McBride and Daniel Ord accept positions with TUSAB \u201cPershing\u2019s Own\u201d Ceremonial Band   Mid-West Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference (MWRTEC) held at Illinois State University: Competitions: Solo Artist:  Danny Chapa, winner Erik Lundquist, runner-up Irving Ray, Matt Solis, finalists Mock Audition: Chris McGinty winner Irving Ray runner-up Erik Lundquist, Vince Kenney, finalists   Guest Artist Recitals: University of North Texas Euphonium Quartet, members include Danny Chapa, Vince Kenney, Chris McGinty, Irving Ray   Great Plains Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference (GPRTEC) held at the University of Nebraska at Kearney:  Competitions: Solo Artist:  Danny Chapa, winner Mock Audition: Danny Chapa, winner   South West Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference (SWRTEC) held at the University of Redlands: Mock Audition: Matt Solis, winner   April 2013: North East Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference (NERTEC) held at the Ithaca College School of Music:   Competitions: Solo Artist:  Danny Chapa, 1st place Matt Solis, 3rd place  Mock Audition: Matt Solis, 1st place  Danny Chapa, 2nd place   South Central Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference (SCRTEC) held at Louisiana State University: Competitions: Solo Artist: Geoff Durbin, winner Irving Ray, 3rd place Mock Audition: Irving Ray, winner Patrick Nyren, first runner-up Danny Chapa, second runner-up   Guest Artist Recitals:  Solo Recitals: Danny Chapa, Patrick Nyren, Travis Scott, Richard Demy Lecture Recitals: Richard Demy Ensemble Performances: \u201cFat Bottom Brass\u201d members include Patrick Nyren, Toby Furr, Jesse Orth and Adam Kobel UNT Tuba Euphonium Ensemble    March 2013: South East Regional Tuba Euphonium Conference (SERTEC) held at the University of North Florida:  Competitions: Solo Artist:  Blake Birmingham, finalist Mock Audition:  Matt Solis, 1st place Danny Chapa, 2nd place   Crescendo Music Awards Phil Marion, 2nd place   February 2013: The United States Army Band Tuba Euphonium Workshop (TUSABTEW) Mock Euphonium Audition: Danny Chapa, winner Richard Demy, Erik Lundquist, Matt Solis, finalists   November 2012: TUSAB \u201cPershings Own\u201d Ceremonial Band Audition Toby Furr, winner Erik Lundquist, Jeremy McBride, Daniel Ord, finalists Richard Demy, Patrick Nyren, semi-finalists   August 2012: IWBC Student Solo Euphonium Competition: Blake Birmingham, 2nd place Dylan Toombs, semi-finalist   The 2012 Leonard Falcone International Tuba and Euphonium Festival Results: Richard Demy, 1st place Chris McGinty, Irving Ray, Phillip Marion (Student division), semi-finalists   April 2012: US Air Force Band Audition: Patrick Nyren, Geoff Durbin, finalists Toby Furr, semi-finalist   March 2012: West Point Band Audition: Patrick Nyren, finalist   January 2012: The United States Army Band Tuba Euphonium Workshop (TUSABTEW) Mock Euphonium Audition: Toby Furr, winner Danny Chapa, Patrick Nyren, finalists   October 2011: UNT Concerto Competition Patrick Nyren, brass winner   The 2011 Leonard Falcone International Tuba and Euphonium Festival Results: Toby Furr, 1st place Danny Chapa, 2nd place Phil Giampiertro , Irving Ray, semi-finalists   August 2011: US Marine Band Euphonium Audition Hiram Diaz, winnerToby Furr, Chris McGinty, Patrick Nyren, finalists  Naval Academy Audition Danny Chapa, finalistJesse Manning, semi-finalist  SCRTEC \u2013 Waco, TX Artist Solo Euphonium Competition: Danny Chapa, 1st placePatrick Nyren, 2nd placeToby Furr, Irving Ray, semi-finalists  Young Artist Solo Competition: Dylan Toombs, 1st placeBlake Birmingham, 3rd placeKirt Brannen, 5th place  GPRTEC \u2013 Pittsburg, KS Artist Solo Euphonium Competition: Patrick Nyren, 1st place Student Solo Euphonium Competition: Blake Birmingham, 1st placeDylan Toombs, 2nd place September 2010: TUSAB \u201cPershings Own\u201d Ceremonial Band Audition Chris Buckley, winnerDaniel Ord and Toby Furr, finalistsDanny Chapa, Richard Demy, and Patrick Nyren, semi-finalists  FALCONE 2010: Artist Solo Euphonium Competition: Geoff Durbin, 2nd placeMai Kokubo, semi-finalist  Student Solo Euphonium Competition: Toby Furr, 1st place ITEC 2010 - Tucson, AZ: Artist Solo Euphonium Competition: Phil Giampietro, 1st placeChris McGinty, 2nd placeJeremy McBride and Mai Kokubo, finalistsAlso competed: Geoff Durbin, Patrick Nyren, Danny Chapa  Euphonium Mock Band Audition: Chris McGinty, 1st placeDanny Chapa, 2nd placeJeremy McBride and Mai Kokubo, finalistsAlso competed: Richard Demy, Patrick Nyren  April 2010: USAF Band of the Golden West Audition Travis Hyde, winnerChris McGinty and Patrick Nyren, finalists  Jamie Lipton accepts position as Assistant Professor of Low Brass at Henderson State University! November 2009: Bobby Behrend, offered position with US Navy Band Falcone 2009: Artist Solo Euphonium: Chris Buckley, 1st placeMai Kokubo, 3rd placeDanny Chapa, Phil Giampietro, Patrick Nyren, semi-finalists  Student Solo Euphonium: Ethan Henshaw, 1st placeToby Furr, 2nd place (incoming freshman)  June 2009: Navy Band Audition Dan Geldert, winnerBobby Behrend, runner-upDanny Chapa and Daniel Ord, finalists  March 2009 MWRTEC \u2013 Tubonium: Solo Euphonium Competition: Phil Giampietro and Patrick Nyren, finalists January 2009: UNT Concerto Competition:Mai Kokubo, brass winner  Falcone 2008: Hiram Diaz, 2nd place ITEC Cincinnati, OH 2008:  Artist Solo EuphoniumHiram Diaz, 1st place  Military Band Excerpt Competition: Jeremy McBride, 2nd place Tubonium 2008: Solo Euphonium Competition: Dan Geldert, 1st placeTony Carlson, 2nd place US Army Field Band Congratulations to Lauren Veronie (DMA) who has just won a job in the US Army Field Band! Falcone 2007 This year's Falcone competition was a great success for the UNT Euphonium studio. Seven UNT euphonium players were invited to attend the festival in Michigan, and the three winners were from UNT. Congratulations to Phil Eberly, (MM), Chris Buckley, (DMA '09) and Jessica Powell, (BM '09), who placed first, second and third, respectively!   56th Army Band job Dan Ord (MM '06) has joined the 56th Army Band stationed in Fort Lewis, Washington. He is now sweating his way through boot camp. We all know finding a job in the professional euphonium world is a big deal, so congrats to Dan! US Army Band Job A huge congratulations to Adam Lessard (MM '07) for winning a spot in the "Pershing's Own" United States Army Band. That's a great news; Adam's hard work paid off big time! Congratulations also to Jeremy McBride (MM '07) who made the finals in the audition. Summer 2006 News The past summer was a great one for the studio. Congratulations to everyone who performed and competed this summer and especially those who won! A summary of the summer's events: International Women's Brass Conference Solo Competition Normal, Illinois - June 14-17, 2006 Michael Idzior (MM '06) - First place, Category 2 Euphonium Division Potomac Festivals Euphonium and Tuba Competition Fairfax, Virginia - June 20-23, 2006 Jeremy McBride (MM '06) - Second place, Virtuoso Euphonium Division Chris Buckley (MM '05, DMA) - Third place, Virtuoso Euphonium Division Donald Bruce (BM '09) - Fourth place, Virtuoso Euphonium Division Also competed: Elisa Harvey(MM '07) and Scott Stone(MM '07) International Tuba/Euphonium Conference Competitions Denver, CO - June 26-30, 2006 Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) - First place, Euphonium Artist Solo Competition Adam Lessard (MM '07) - Finalist, Euphonium Artist Solo Competition Daniel Ord (MM '06)- Finalist, Euphonium Artist Solo Competition Also competed: Elisa Harvey(MM '07) and Scott Stone(MM '07) Chris Buckley (MM '05, DMA) - First place, Mock Band Audition Phil Eberly (DMA) - Second place, Mock Band Audition Jeremy McBride (MM '06) - Finalist, Mock Band Audition Derek Pirruccello (BM '04) - Finalist, Mock Band Audition Also competed: Elisa Harvey (MM '07), Michael Idzior (MM '06), and Lauren Veronie (BM '05, MM) Adam Lessard (MM '07) and Scott Stone (MM '07) - Second place, Tuba/Euphonium Quartet Competition Also competed: Chris Buckley (MM '05, DMA) and Jeremy McBride Robert McDaniel (BM '08) - Member, University All-Star Tuba/Euphonium Ensemble Jessica Powell (BM '09) - Member, University All-Star Tuba/Euphonium Ensemble Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) - Performer, Young Winners Recital Jeremy McBride (MM '06) - Performer, Young Winners Recital Mitsuru Saito (DMA '07) - Performer, Young Winners Recital Lauren Veronie (BM '05, MM) - Performer, Young Winners Recital Everyone in the studio that attended the conference also participated in a special combined concert with the euphonium studio of Steven Mead from the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester, England. It was highly successful and brought great credit to the University. Leonard Falcone International Euphonium and Tuba Festival Competition Twin Lake, Michigan - August 9-12, 2006 Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) - First Place, Euphonium Artist Competition Adam Lessard (MM '07) - Second Place, Euphonium Artist Competition Daniel Ord (MM '06) - Third Place, Euphonium Artist Competition Also competed: Christopher Buckley (MM '05, DMA), Elisa Harvey (MM '07), Scott Stone (MM '07) and Lauren Veronie (BM '05, MM) Auditions: Adam Lessard (MM '07) - Invited to audition for "Pershing's Own" U.S. Army Band Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) - Invited to audition for "Pershing's Own" U.S. Army Band Jeremy McBride (MM '06) - Invited to audition for "Pershing's Own" U.S. Army Band Meredith Healy (BM '04) - Invited to audition for "Pershing's Own" U.S. Army Band Chris Sarangoulis (BM '03) - Invited to audition for "Pershing's Own" U.S. Army Band Jobs: Brian Meixner (DMA) - Assistant Professor of Low Brass at Slippery Rock University, Slippery Rock, PA & Second Euphonium in River City Brass Band Michael Idzior (MM '06) - Assistant Director of Bands at University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA Jeffrey Cottrell (DMA '05) - Visiting Instructor of Low Brass and Theory at Hardin-Simmons University, Abilene, TX Mitsuru Saito (DMA '07) - Euphoniumist with Samurai Brass, Tokyo, Japan That's a pretty impressive list. Another congratulations to everyone! (And thanks to Jamie Lipton for compiling this list.)     News Archive 2006 Falcone Semi-Finalists Announced Graduate students Chris Buckley, Elisa Harvey, Adam Lessard, Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) (MM '05, DMA) , Dan Ord, Scott Stone, and Lauren Veronie have all earned spots in this year's semi-finals competition. UNT is well represented this year, with only three non-UNT students in the competition. Incoming graduate student Philip Eberly also was selected. Congratulations to all of you for this honor!   Dr. Bowman featured on new CD, "Euphoniums Unlimited" Dr. Bowman's beautiful playing can now be heard on a new CD, "Euphoniums Unlimited." The brainchild of R. Winston Morris, this album is unique in its exclusive use of the Tennessee Tech Alumni Euphonium Choir as accompaniment. Dr. Bowman plays several solos on the CD; the other soloists involved in the project are Jukka Myllys and Adam Frey. Buy it here!   UNT Takes Top Three Again Congratulations to 2005 Falcone finalists Jeremy McBride for taking first place and Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) (MM '05, DMA) and Chris Buckley for taking second and third, respectively! Masters candidate Michael Idzior and 2004 alumni Meredith Healy and Derek Pirruccello were semi-finalists. Congratulations to freshman Dan Geldert for taking first place in the student division!   UNT Does Well at the Potomac! Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) and Chris Buckley took first and second in the Potomac Euphonium Competition! Roger Behrend hosts this competition at George Mason University. Aside from fame, Jamie also won a chance to perform with the prestigious President's Own Marine Band.   UNT Euphoniums well-represented at Texas Regional ITEC Congratulations to doctoral candidates Brian Meixner and Mitsuru Saito, who both played exemplary recitals at the Texas Regional ITEC in Lubbock. Congratulations also to the High Tension Euphonium Quartet (comprised of Lauren Veronie '05 and masters candidates Chris Buckley, Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) (MM '05, DMA) , and Jeremy McBride) and the Vortex Tuba Quartet (includes doctoral candidate Brian Meixner) for their fine performances.   Jeremy McBride wins UNT Concerto Competition Congratulations to masters candidate Jeremy McBride, one of the winners of the UNT concerto competition. Accompanied by doctoral candidate Mitsuru Saito, Jeremy performed the third movement Vladimir Cosma's Euphonium Concerto from memory. His performance with the UNT orchestra has been sadly delayed, but look for it in 2006!   Falcone Semi-Finalists announced Congratulations to 2005 Falcone semi-finalists: masters candidates Chris Buckley, Michael Idzior, Jamie Lipton, and Jeremy McBride, and 2004 alumni Meredith Healy and Derek Pirruccello. They have promised to drive safely. Congratulations also to incoming freshman Daniel Geldert on advancing to the semi-final of the Student division.   Vortex Tuba Quartet plays at Ranger Stadium The Vortex Tuba Quartet, which includes doctoral candidate Brian Meixner, auditioned and won the opportunity to perform the National Anthem at a Texas Rangers game. Their performance was flawless and so inspiring that they have been invited back!   Jamie Lipton wins Potomac Euphonium Competition Congratulations to doctoral candidate Jamie Lipton on taking first place at the Potomac Euphonium Competition. She performed David Gillingham's "Vintage" with the President's Own Marine Band. Congratulations also to doctoral candidate Chris Buckley (2nd place), incoming graduate student Adam Lessard (4th place), and incoming freshman Daniel Geldert (2nd place, Young Artist division.)   Luis Saldana accepts job at Hebron High School Congratulations to Luis Saldana '05 on his first job as a band director at Hebron High School. We know he will be terrific!   UNT Takes Top Three at Falcone UNT captured all three finalist spots in the 2004 Leonard Falcone Euphonium Artist Competition. Doctoral candidate, Mitsuru Saito won the competition, alongside fellow North Texans Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) (MM '05, DMA) and Jeremy McBride. Congratulations also to the other UNT finalists: doctoral candidate Elena Hansen and Luis Saldana '05, as well to alternate Pete Folliard '06.   Jazz Euphonium Student wins ITEC Jazz Competition Congratulations to master's candidate, Toshi Terukina, on winning first place at the International Tuba Euphonium Conference in Budapest, Hungary. Toshi also placed third in the Street Competition. He reports, "I did 'kung-fu euphonium' with a good friend of mine, Nick from UNF, to demonstrate how to use a euphonium as a weaponary." Kudos to Toshi for presenting yet another venue for the euphonium!   Inaugural Potomac Festival Showcases UNT Talent UNT senior, Lauren Veronie, performed with the US Navy Band following her capture of first prize at the Potomac Festivals International Tuba and Euphonium Competition. Lauren performed the Gordon Jacob Fantasia with the US Navy Band at the culmination of the three day festival in June.   Derek Pirruccello Delivers Commencement Speech On Saturday, May 8, UNT Outstanding Undergraduate Brass Student Derek Pirruccello '04 spoke at the College of Music Commencement. During his speech, Derek urged his fellow graduates to thank those people who supported them throughout their college careers. Derek also took a moment to thank Dr. and Mrs. Bowman for their unwavering faith and encouragement towards him and the rest of the UNT Euphonium Studio. Great job, Derek!   Dr. Bowman Wins UNT Faculty's Highest Honor On Friday, April 23, Dr. Bowman was awarded the 'Fessor Graham award, the only faculty award for which professors are nominated by their students. Named for Professor Floyd Graham, the award recognizes one faculty member each year for outstanding and unselfish service beyond the call of duty to students. Many people in the studio contributed essays and photos to the nomination package. Congratulations to Dr. Bowman for this well-deserved award!   UNT Euphoniums Sweep USAF Heartland of America Band Euphonium Audition On Wednesday, April 14, three UNT euphonium students, masters candidate Chris Buckley, Meredith Healy '04, and masters candidate Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) (MM '05, DMA) traveled to Offutt Air Force Base in Omaha, Nebraska to audition for the Heartland of America Band. The job was offered to Jamie Lipton, but she has decided to continue her studies here at UNT. The position has been accepted by runner-up Meredith Healy. Congratulations to all three for a great showing and for making it back to Texas safely, even if they did take a detour to Missouri!   Ryan McGeorge wins Marine Band Audition Congratulations to Ryan McGeorge '04, winner of the euphonium position in the President's Own! Ryan will join fellow UNT alumnus, Mark Jenkins '03, in the euphonium section. Recognition is also extended to finalists Derek Pirruccello '04 and masters candidate Jamie Lipton (MM '05, DMA) (MM '05, DMA) .   Matthew Murchison wins Carnegie Mellon University Concerto Competition Active soloist and member of the River City Brass Band, alumnus Matthew Murchison '02 recently won the CMU Concerto Competition. Previous accomplishments for Matt include include winning both the Artist and Student Divisions of the Leonard Falcone International Euphonium Competition, as well as the International Tuba/Euphonium Conference Young Artist competition. While at UNT, Matt was a member of the Wind Symphony as well as the Tuba/Euphonium ensemble.   Mitsuru Saito wins International Phillip Jones Brass Competition Congratulations are extended to Mitsuru Saito, doctoral candidate. This past September Mitsuru travelled to Narbonne, France, where he captured first place in the "PRESTIGE DES CUIVRES" International Phillip Jones Euphonium Competition.                               Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA         Mail Us   College of Music       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-2791 Brian.Bowman@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on November 10, 2016  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on November 10, 2016 | Important Links           
p2
t.