(S'http://euphonium.music.unt.edu/tuba-valentines'
p1
V          Tuba Valentines | Euphonium | College of Music                                    Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Faculty The Studio »  The Studio Current Students Alumni   Student Information »  Student Information Current Students »  Current Students Syllabus   Prospective Students »  Prospective Students Undergraduate Graduate International     Calendar News Tuba Valentines Larry Roark Endowment          Search form  Search                Euphonium | College of Music         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Music Euphonium | College of Music             Main menu  Home Faculty The StudioCurrent Students Alumni  Student InformationCurrent StudentsSyllabus  Prospective StudentsUndergraduate Graduate International   Calendar News Tuba Valentines Larry Roark Endowment                Tuba Valentines       NT-ITEA Valentine's Day Fundraiser: TubaValentines Tuba-euphonium quartets composed of members of the UNT low brass studios travelled across campus and throughout Denton County with low-pitched messages of love to raise money for the fledgling NT-ITEA student group. Dressed to the nines, each quartet presented the TubaValentine recipient with a handwritten card, chocolate, and a rendition of a popular love song from a group of arrangements by student euphonium player/composer, Toshi Terukina. TubaValentines were well-received and NT-ITEA looks forward to continuing the tradition next Valentine's Day.   Formed in November of 2002, NT-ITEA's mission is to promote the tuba and euphonium in the North Texas area. The members of NT-ITEA look forward to raising awareness of the tuba and euphonium through composition competitions, commissions, and scholarships. Like what you see? Wait until you hear it! UNT Tuba/Euphonium quartets are available for hire year-round. To place an order, please email us at: unttubavalentines@gmail.com or contact us at (202)271-0226.                           Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA         Mail Us   College of Music       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-2791 Brian.Bowman@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on November 10, 2016  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on November 10, 2016 | Important Links           
p2
t.