(S'http://euphonium.music.unt.edu/larry-roark-euphonium-endowment'
p1
V          Larry Roark Euphonium Endowment | Euphonium | College of Music                                    Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Faculty The Studio »  The Studio Current Students Alumni   Student Information »  Student Information Current Students »  Current Students Syllabus   Prospective Students »  Prospective Students Undergraduate Graduate International     Calendar News Tuba Valentines Larry Roark Endowment          Search form  Search                Euphonium | College of Music         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         College of Music Euphonium | College of Music             Main menu  Home Faculty The StudioCurrent Students Alumni  Student InformationCurrent StudentsSyllabus  Prospective StudentsUndergraduate Graduate International   Calendar News Tuba Valentines Larry Roark Endowment                Larry Roark Euphonium Endowment       Read Larry Roark's full bio on his company's website. An extraordinary gift to assist student musicians in the study of an unusual musical instrument was one woman's way to honor her late husband, a musician who loved his euphonium. Sara Neal Eskew gave the University of North Texas College of Music $150,000 to establish the Larry Roark Euphonium Scholarship through the UNT Foundation. "The family wanted to support the program here because it is unique," said Brian Bowman, the College of Music's euphonium instructor and brass coordinator. 'This may be the only euphonium endowment in the world.' Eskew's spouse, Larry Roark, graduated cum laude from UNT in 1978 and pursued graduate studies before he was host of the overnight show at NPR's Austin affiliate, KUT. A consummate musician, Roark performed with the Austin Symphony Orchestra, the Creative Opportunity Orchestra, the Austin Klezmorim, the Vacillating Discombobulators, the B.L. La Cerda group and a number of others. Early in his career he even played his euphonium for the Clyde Beatty-Cole Brothers Circus and served on the staff of Texas Woman's University. In 1989, Roark founded the Music of the Spheres®, a company that manufactures perfectly tuned wind chimes. Today those chimes are sold nationwide. Click here to make a donation to the Larry Roark Scholarship for Euphonium - from the UNT Foundation website. Read more articles about the endowment at the UNT News Service and the Inhouse Newsletter.                            Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA         Mail Us   College of Music       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-2791 Brian.Bowman@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on November 10, 2016  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on November 10, 2016 | Important Links           
p2
t.