(S'http://tuba.music.unt.edu/exercises'
p1
V          Exercises | Tuba | College of Music                                    Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Faculty Studio Ensembles Exercises Resources Photos Archives »  Archives Everett M. Gilmore Miraphone Anniversary            Search form  Search                Tuba | College of Music         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Tuba | College of Music             Main menu  Home Faculty Studio Ensembles Exercises Resources Photos ArchivesEverett M. Gilmore Miraphone Anniversary                 Exercises       Breathing Exercises for Brass Players help to develop natural and effective breathing habits for excellent brass playing. They are intended to help develop efficiency, coordination and flexibility in breathing.    Tone Builder Exercise No. 1 in BBb Tone Builder Exercise No. 1 in CC  Tone Builder Exercise No. 1 in F Tone Builder Exercise No. 1 in Eb    Tone Builder Exercise No. 2 in BBb Tone Builder Exercise No. 2 in CC Tone Builder Exercise No. 2 in F  Tone Builder Exercise No. 2 in Eb    O Madonna Warm-up is a vocal style warm-up for tubas in all keys. It is based on a vocal warm-up taught to me many years ago by a fine voice teacher in Cedar Falls, Iowa--Dr. Les Hale. It should be played freely and broadly in the musical and operatic style that we often hear from our vocal colleagues.   30 Second Warm-up in BBb 30 Second Warm-up in CC 30 Second Warm-up in F 30 Second Warm-up in Eb    The Bruckner Warm-up Exercise No. 1 for Tuba is based on a familiar Anton Bruckner symphonic theme. This exercise helps with the development of smooth descending slurs, tone quality and the lower register. They should normally be played at a medium dynamic level, but it can also be beneficial to creatively use louder and softer dynamics. These exercises also help younger players to become more familiar with descending scale patterns.  BBb, CC, F, Eb    The Bruckner Warm-up Exercise No. 2 for Tuba is also based on a familiar Anton Bruckner symphonic theme. This exercise helps with the development of smooth descending and ascending slurs, tone quality and the lower register. They should normally be played at a medium dynamic level, but it can also be beneficial to creatively use louder and softer dynamics. These exercises also help younger players to become more familiar with both arpeggio and scale patterns in all keys. BBb, CC, Eb, F, Euphonium.   The High Register Exercise No. 1 for Tuba is written to assist in gradually developing the high range of the tuba. Most tubists of university/college level should be able to play the first page fairly quickly. The second page should be practiced progressively as the tubist progressively develops upper range. This excercise also helps to develop greater fluency with both ascending and descending major arpeggios. The excercise may also be transposed to minor keys. BBb, CC, Eb, F    The Prokofiev Study No. 1 for Tuba is an orchestral study of the tuba excerpt from Sergei Prokofiev's "Romeo and Juliet Suite No. 2" at rehearsal 5. This exerpt is presented in its original form followed by suggestions for practicing the excerpt in various other tempi and keys. This excerpt is for directed towards BBb and CC tubists but may also be practiced by Eb and F tuba players.   These exercises can be played on bass trombone or any tuba of any key. Bruckner Range and Dynamics Exercise No. 1 helps develop the upper register utilizing contrasting dynamics as well as contrasting articulations. Bruckner Range and Dynamics Exercise No. 2 helps develop the lower register also utilizing contrasting dynamics as well as contrasting articulations. Bruckner Range and Dynamics Exercise No. 1 for Tuba or Bass Trombone Bruckner Range and Dynamics Exercise No. 2 for Tuba of Bass Trombone   These are the Flow Studies taught by Vincent Cichowicz to thousands of trumpet players during the many years circa the second half of the twentieth century that he was trumpet professor at Northwestern University and member of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. These studies have been adapted for tuba and euphonium with the permission of Mr. Cichowicz. BBb, CC, Euphonium                           Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-2791 donald.little@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.