(S'http://tuba.music.unt.edu/resources'
p1
V          Resources | Tuba | College of Music                                    Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home Faculty Studio Ensembles Exercises Resources Photos Archives »  Archives Everett M. Gilmore Miraphone Anniversary            Search form  Search                Tuba | College of Music         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Tuba | College of Music             Main menu  Home Faculty Studio Ensembles Exercises Resources Photos ArchivesEverett M. Gilmore Miraphone Anniversary                 Resources       Tuba Clinic Notes Tuba Clinic Notes (Chinese)  Chinese translated by Li-Wen Lin. (Lin is a recent MM tuba graduate from UNT.) The Tuba Clinic Notes include information concerning posture, breathing, embouchure, tone, articulation, tuning, practicing and recommended reading. Tuba Solo Syllabus  The Tuba Solo Syllabus provides proficiency levels of undergraduate and graduate levels of solo performance for tuba concentration study at UNT. Listings include piano accompaniment unless otherwise noted. Tuba Concentration Syllabus  The proficiency levels indicated in the Tuba Concentration Syllabus are relative levels of performance, and these levels do not always correspond to a student's academic classification. This guide is not intended as a primary performance goal, but rather as a general list of minimum essentials. The listed practice and study materials include etudes, orchestral studies, texts and scale requirements. There is also general information concerning public performances, ensemble participation, concert/recital attendance, jury requirements and Euphonium Tuba Choir. Low Range Fingerings for BBb TubasLow Range Fingerings for CC Tubas The Low Register Fingerings for Tubas provide information on fingering possiblilities for three and four valve BBb and CC tubas.                           Visit Us  Music Building        415 Avenue C Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA         Mail Us   University of North Texas       UNT College of Music 1155 Union Circle #311367 Denton TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   940-565-2791 donald.little@unt.edu Technical issues?                 Site last updated on March 03, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on March 03, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.