(S'http://dallascatalog.unt.edu/'
p1
V   University of North Texas at Dallas - Acalog ACMS\u2122                 Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.  Different browsers use different keystrokes to activate accesskey shortcuts. Please reference the following list to use access keys on your system.  Alt and the accesskey, for Internet Explorer on Windows Shift and Alt and the accesskey, for Firefox on Windows Shift and Esc and the accesskey, for Windows or Mac Ctrl and the accesskey, for the following browsers on a Mac: Internet Explorer 5.2, Safari 1.2, Firefox, Mozilla, Netscape 6+.  We use the following access keys on our gateway  n Skip to Navigation k Accesskeys description h Help                  Employment »   Location »   Mission »   MyUNTD »   Giving to UNTD »   Alumni Groups »                                               UNT System »   UNT System Compliance Hotline   THECB Institutional Resume »   State Comptroller\u2019s Office »   Legislative Appropriations Request »   Facilities Request »                                              The University of North Texas Dallas                           7300  University Hills Blvd. Dallas, TX 75241                                                                                                                   (972) 780-3600                                                                               (888) 937-9291 (TTY)                                                                               (972) 780-3636 (Fax)                                       untdallas@unt.edu     Business Hours:                                           Monday-Thursday                                                                               8 a.m. - 6 p.m.                                                                                Friday 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.                                                                                      Disclaimer   AA/EOE/ADA   Privacy Statement   Web Accessibility Policy   HB2504   UNT Dallas Policy Index   State of Texas Info                                             Find Us: Facebook | Twitter | Flikcr | YouTube  View: Español                               Explore UNT Dallas                          Why UNT Dallas?   Student Experience   Thinking Forward   Focused on Success   Giving to UNT Dallas   Events and Calendars   News and Press     Academics   Undergraduate Programs   Graduate Programs   Certificate Programs   Academic Divisions   Advising & Tutoring   Library   Current Students   Course Catalog     Admissions   Undergraduate Students   International Students   Graduate Students   Post Baccalaureate   Outreach and Transitional     Offices and People   Office of the President   Governance and Administration   University Administration   Deans and Academic Leadership   Faculty     Our Campus   Future Vision 2020   Facilities and Services   Campus Map   Getting Here     Financial Aid   Tuition & Fees   Apply for Aid   Types of Aid   Financial Aid Forms   Reviewing Your Award   Financial Aid Policies and Consumer Information   Financial Aid Office               Donate   Apply Now                      Home » Academics » Course Catalog                    University of North Texas at Dallas                 May 06, 2017         2016-2017 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog        2016-2017 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog 2015-2016 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2014-2015 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2013-2014 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2012-2013 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2011-2012 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG] 2010-2011 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog [ARCHIVED CATALOG]                                                       Catalog Search   Select an option Courses Programs Hierarchy Items Other Content Entire Catalog     Whole Word/Phrase Advanced Search                Catalog Home   About UNT Dallas    Administration and Faculty    Academic Calendar    Undergraduate Admissions    Graduate Admissions    University Core Curriculum    Undergraduate Degree Programs    Graduate Degree Programs    College of Law      Academic Information and Regulations    Enrollment    Policies    Equity and Diversity    Facilities and Parking    Tuition, Expenses, and Financial Aid      Student Life    Student Rights and Responsibilities    Student Resources      Course Information    Course Listings                       HELP 2016-2017 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog 2016-2017 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog        The University of North Texas at Dallas 2016-2017 Undergraduate and Graduate Catalog  Catalog Information The University of North Texas at Dallas Undergraduate Online Catalog is a general information publication only. The catalog intends to reflect current academic policies, procedures, degree offerings, course descriptions, and other information pertinent to academic study at The University of North Texas at Dallas. It is not intended to nor does it contain all regulations that relate to students. The provisions of this catalog do not constitute a contract, express or implied, between any applicant, student, or faculty member and The University of North Texas at Dallas or The University of North Texas System. The University of North Texas at Dallas reserves the right to change the provisions of this catalog at any time, including, but not limited to: withdraw courses at any time, to change fees or tuition, calendar, curriculum, course offerings, degree requirements, graduation procedures, and any other requirements affecting students as necessitated by legislative or regental action. Changes will become effective whenever the proper authorities so determine and will apply to both prospective students and those already enrolled. The online version of The University of North Texas at Dallas Catalog is the official version. The online catalog will be updated periodically and will contain all major policy changes that occur during the 2016-17 catalog cycle. The official publication date of this catalog is August 2016. Although this catalog was prepared on the basis of the best information available at the time, and the information is updated regularly, users are cautioned about the following:  Editorial, clerical, and programming errors may have occurred in the publication of this website, and The University of North Texas at Dallas assumes no responsibility for such errors. There is a lag time between approved changes and their publication on this website. Students normally are entitled to graduate under the degree provisions of the catalog in effect at the time of their first completed semester of enrollment.  Students are held individually responsible for complying with all requirements of the rules and regulations of the University and the Board of Regents of The University of North Texas System. Failure to read and comply with policies, regulations, and procedures will not exempt a student from whatever penalties the student may incur.    Back to Top | Print-Friendly Page               All catalogs © 2017 University of North Texas at Dallas. Powered by the Acalog\u2122 Academic Catalog Management System\u2122 (ACMS\u2122).   Mobile Site.      
p2
t.