(S'http://learningcenter.unt.edu/incomingfreshmanstatus'
p1
V     Incoming Freshman View your TSI Status | Learning Center                     Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                              Learning Center                        Home TSI Tutoring Support Programs Graduate Resources Outreach Faculty/Staff Resources Staff        Incoming Freshman  View your TSI Status Freshman TSI Exemptions Testing Options TSI Checklist     Learn more: TSI  Incoming Freshman Incoming Transfer Continuing Student Student Resources TSI Information for Parents         HomeIncoming Freshman View your TSI Status    Checking your TSI Status is easy. Follow these instructions to determine your next steps:  Log into your MyUNT account. Go to your Student Center page. Click on the TSI link int he bottom right corner of the Student Center page to view your status. This link updates on a rolling basis after registering for orientation, so check again in a few days or email us at TSI@unt.edu if you don't find anything.     COMPLETE. If you have met the TSI requirements by any method, you'll see OVERALL STATUS marked as COMPLETE as seen in the example here. There is nothing further you need to do- you'll be able to register for classes after you attend orientation and receive an advising code.    INCOMPLETE. If you have NOT met the TSI requirements, you'll see OVERALL STATUS marked as INCOMPLETE. You may also see in which areas you are incomplete. In the example here, this student is complete in reading and writing, but not math. You must take the TSI Assessment for the areas in which you are considered incomplete unless you qualify for an exemption.     How was your status determined?Advisors determine your TSI status in reading, writing and math by evaluating the transcripts/test scores you send. Please note that your transcripts are evaluated after you sign up for orientation. You may be marked complete in one or more areas based on sufficient exam scores or course grades. Review the list of exemptions to see if you qualify. If you are marked incomplete but feel like you qualify for an exemption, you may expedite the evaluation process by sending transcripts/score reports demonstrating your exemption directly to the Learning Center in one of the following methods:    Email TSI@unt.edu   Fax 940-369-8394   Mail UNT Learning Center Attn: TSI Evaluation1155 Union Circle #305038Denton, TX 76203-5017   In Person Sage Hall, 315           Search     Search this site:                      Contact Information:  Learning Center   1155 Union Circle  P.O. Box 305038 Denton,          TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: (940) 369-7006 Fax: (940) 369-8394  Visit Us: Sage Hall 315 http://learningcenter.unt.edu/             Email us: Have questions on content? Please contact us. Learning.Center@unt.edu    Technical problems: Have questions concerning how the site runs? learning.center@unt.edu            UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center            Site last updated on: April 17, 2017 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness               
p2
t.