(S'http://art.unt.edu/art-history-art-education'
p1
V        Art Education and Art History | Visual Arts & Design                                   Skip to main content              Home Quick Links »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now          Search the UNT web site:                 Quick Links  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now            Search form  Search                          College of  Visual Arts & Design                                  Home                           Departments                                Studio Art                                 Design                                 Art Education & Art History                         Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff                 Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design                 Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies                            Future Students                                CVAD Tours                           Inspiring Opportunities                           The Framework for Success                           Bachelor\u2019s Degree Programs                           Graduate Degree Programs                           Paying for Your Education                           Undergraduate Financial Aid                           Take the Next Steps for Your Success                           Preview Day 2017                       Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.    Speak with anadvisor                Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements.  See our latestannouncements                           Admissions                                Registration Dates                           Prospective Students & Orientation                           Graduate Admissions Requirements                           Contact Admissions                       Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.    Speak with anadvisor                Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.    Scholarships and financial aid                           Current Students                                Academic Advising                           Undergraduate Financial Aid                           Graduate Financial Aid                           Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities                           Student Organizations                           IT & Computer Labs                       Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.    Scholarships and financial aid                Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged.  Opportunities for students                           People                                Dean's Office                           Art Education & Art History                           Design                           Studio Art                           Student Services                           IT Services                           Galleries and Institutes                       Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels.  UNTCVAD onsocial media                Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students.  CVAD Alumni                           Galleries & Institutes                           About CVAD                                History of the College                           Mission                           Alumni                           Photos                           CVAD T-Shirts                           Tours                           Building Hours                           Directions                           FabLab                           Photo Documentation Room                           Social Media                           Job Openings                       Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations.  Support CVAD                Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements.  See our latestannouncements                                  Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History  Upcoming Events     06 May    UNT ArtWear Fashion Show 2017   6:00 pm         21 Oct    2017 CVAD Preview Day   10:00 am to 2:00 pm        Events calendar »   Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD     Art Education and Art HistoryThe Department of Art Education and Art History in the College of Visual Arts and Design is committed to enhancing students\u2019 understanding of contemporary and past visual art forms. Within and between its comprehensive degree-granting programs, the department provides students and faculty with the opportunity to examine global artistic production, relevant technologies, critical methods, learning theories and innovative approaches to pedagogy and knowledge acquisition. The Department of Art Education and Art History offers the following degrees in Art Education: Art Education: Visual Art Studies (B.F.A., M.A., Ph.D.) Art History (B.A. and M.A.) Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies [Open Track or Arts Management Track] (B.A.) The department also offers a graduate academic certificate in Art Museum Education. See the Avista Medieval Graduate Symposium website. SEE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF SOME OF OUR STUDENTS AND ALUMNI!  Follow the Department on Facebook! Contact Us Department of Art Education and Art HistoryCollege of Visual Arts and Design1155 Union Circle #305100Denton, TX 76203aeah@unt.edu940-565-4777 Department head: Kelly Donahue-Wallace   Student accomplishments       Art Education PhD candidate Jeremy Blair Congratulations to Art Education PhD candidate Jeremy Blair. Currently Visiting Assistant Professor of Art Education at University of Georgia, he discusses his research \u201cGrand Theft AutoEthnography: Video Game Design for the Art Classroom\u201d in the current issue of NAEA News, Volume 57, No. 2 (April 2015): 18.      Art Education and Art History Art Education Congratulations to Art Education PhD candidate Jeremy Blair. Currently Visiting Assistant Professor of Art Education at University of Georgia, he discusses his research \u201cGrand Theft AutoEthnography: Video Game Design for the Art Classroom\u201d in the current issue of NAEA News, Volume 57, No. 2 (April 2015): 18.      All student accomplishments »       Alumni accomplishments       Lauren LaRocca at O'Donnell Institute, DMA Lauren LaRocca (MA, Art History 2009) is the Coordinator of Special Programs with The O\u2019Donnell Institute. She oversees collaborations between the Dallas Museum of Art and the O\u2019Donnell Institute. She coordinates scholars\u2019 access to collections, arranges class visits, plans the logistics of jointly-sponsored programs, and oversees both day-to-day operations and special events at the research center.      Art Education and Art History Art History Lauren LaRocca (MA, Art History 2009) is the Coordinator of Special Programs with The O\u2019Donnell Institute. She oversees collaborations between the Dallas Museum of Art and the O\u2019Donnell Institute. She coordinates scholars\u2019 access to collections, arranges class visits, plans the logistics of jointly-sponsored programs, and oversees both day-to-day operations and special events at the research center.      All alumni accomplishments »                                       Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map]          Mail Us  College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017           Contact Us  (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu               Site last updated on   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home             
p2
t.