(S'http://art.unt.edu/studio-art'
p1
V        Studio Art | Visual Arts & Design                                   Skip to main content              Home Quick Links »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now          Search the UNT web site:                 Quick Links  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now            Search form  Search                          College of  Visual Arts & Design                                  Home                           Departments                                Studio Art                                 Design                                 Art Education & Art History                         Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff                 Communication Design Core Design Fashion Design Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies Interior Design                 Art Education: Visual Art Studies Art History Art Museum Education Interdisciplinary Art & Design Studies                            Future Students                                CVAD Tours                           Inspiring Opportunities                           The Framework for Success                           Bachelor\u2019s Degree Programs                           Graduate Degree Programs                           Paying for Your Education                           Undergraduate Financial Aid                           Take the Next Steps for Your Success                           Preview Day 2017                       Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.    Speak with anadvisor                Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements.  See our latestannouncements                           Admissions                                Registration Dates                           Prospective Students & Orientation                           Graduate Admissions Requirements                           Contact Admissions                       Advising Meet with our advisors to find out everything you'll need to know about being a UNT student.    Speak with anadvisor                Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.    Scholarships and financial aid                           Current Students                                Academic Advising                           Undergraduate Financial Aid                           Graduate Financial Aid                           Funding & Awards for Student Projects & Activities                           Student Organizations                           IT & Computer Labs                       Financial Aid Scholarships awarded by CVAD, the University of North Texas and the Honors College.    Scholarships and financial aid                Opportunities Learn about scholarships, grants, gallery shows, calls for papers, and other opportunities to get engaged.  Opportunities for students                           People                                Dean's Office                           Art Education & Art History                           Design                           Studio Art                           Student Services                           IT Services                           Galleries and Institutes                       Social Media For the latest on CVAD students, faculty, alumni and more, subscribe to UNTCVAD's social media channels.  UNTCVAD onsocial media                Alumni With over 14,000 alumni worldwide, the College of Visual Arts and Design has a strong network of former students.  CVAD Alumni                           Galleries & Institutes                           About CVAD                                History of the College                           Mission                           Alumni                           Photos                           CVAD T-Shirts                           Tours                           Building Hours                           Directions                           FabLab                           Photo Documentation Room                           Social Media                           Job Openings                       Support CVAD Supporting CVAD through endowments or the Annual Fund helps secure the arts for future generations.  Support CVAD                Announcements For the latest accomplishments, events, and news in the CVAD community, see our announcements.  See our latestannouncements                                  Departments Studio Art Design Art Education & Art History  Studio Art Graduate Studies Ceramics Core Drawing Drawing & Painting Fibers Metalsmithing & Jewelry New Media Art Photography Printmaking Sculpture Hide this link Pre-major Undergrad Application Process Scholarships Faculty & Staff  Upcoming Events     06 May    UNT ArtWear Fashion Show 2017   6:00 pm         21 Oct    2017 CVAD Preview Day   10:00 am to 2:00 pm        Events calendar »   Apply to  CVAD Take a tour of our campus CVAD on social media Support CVAD     Studio ArtThe Department of Studio Art at the University of North Texas will help you find your artistic voice through an innovative curriculum that emphasizes sound art fundamentals, creativity and self-expression. Much of the course work involves creating and producing 2-D and 3-D artwork, allowing you to get hands-on experience and hone your skills. Many faculty members are nationally and internationally acclaimed artists and scholars who impact communities worldwide. In addition, some are active members and leaders of national organizations. They\u2019ll guide and encourage you to explore new directions in art, allowing you to become a well-rounded art professional. You\u2019ll have access to large, well-equipped studios and instruction in a wide range of media and techniques. Our 90,000-square-foot Art Building includes classrooms, computer labs, faculty offices, studios, a workshop and a visual resources library. Other art programs are housed in additional buildings across campus. To provide other insights and knowledge, we bring numerous renowned artists, designers and scholars to campus. There are opportunities to exhibit your work as you progress through the program and numerous competitive exhibitions are held on campus. The annual Voertman Student Art Exhibition is juried by arts professionals, with cash prizes and scholarships awarded. Students also participate in local, regional and international exhibitions.  The Department of Studio Art offers a BFA degree with 8 concentrations to choose from. Select an area of study from the menu on the left to learn more about the program. Degree Plan for Studio Art Graduate Degrees Current Academic Calendar Current Schedule of Classes (Scroll all the way down once you click the link) Contact Us Visit the Studio Art Blog to keep up with our students and events in Studio Art.  You can also visit the Studio Arts Department groups on Facebook: UNT Studio Art: Current and Former and UNT Department of Studio Art. Department Chair: Robert Jessup Administrative Assistant: Angela Vanecek Office: Art Building, Room 317 Phone: 940-369-7671 Email: studio@unt.edu Mailing Address: 1155 Union Circle #305100, Denton, TX 76203 Physical Address: 1201 W Mulberry St, Denton, TX 76201 This page may contain pdf documents.  You can download a free pdf reader here.   Student accomplishments       Julie Libersat "CADD FUNd: Winner Takes All" award Julie Libersat, winner of the Contemporary Art Dealers of Dallas 2014 \u201cCADD FUNd: Winner Takes All\u201d event. Julie presented ROAM, a proposal for a mobile phone interactive urban exploration game. Players use the mobile app to get lost in the city and then document their journey as a form of narrative mapping using photo, video, audio and written capture. The project will be a creative tool that uses disorientation as a part of the artistic process prompting aesthetic engagement and challenging ideas of spatial cognition and orientation. Libersat\u2019s work depicts space as a way of knowing and embodying the city though pedagogical notions of play.      Studio Art New Media Art Julie Libersat, winner of the Contemporary Art Dealers of Dallas 2014 \u201cCADD FUNd: Winner Takes All\u201d event. Julie presented ROAM, a proposal for a mobile phone interactive urban exploration game. Players use the mobile app to get lost in the city and then document their journey as a form of narrative mapping using photo, video, audio and written capture. The project will be a creative tool that uses disorientation as a part of the artistic process prompting aesthetic engagement and challenging ideas of spatial cognition and orientation. Libersat\u2019s work depicts space as a way of knowing and embodying the city though pedagogical notions of play.      All student accomplishments »       Alumni accomplishments       Annette Becker Annette Becker (Art History MA, 2015) was formerly the Assistant to the Director of the Spencer Art Museum at the University of Kansas. In September 2016, she returned to Denton and UNT to serve as Assistant Director of the Texas Fashion Collection.      Art Education and Art History Art History Annette Becker (Art History MA, 2015) was formerly the Assistant to the Director of the Spencer Art Museum at the University of Kansas. In September 2016, she returned to Denton and UNT to serve as Assistant Director of the Texas Fashion Collection.      All alumni accomplishments »                                       Visit UsCollege of Visual Arts & Design 1201 W. Mulberry Denton, TX, 76201 [map]          Mail Us  College of Visual Arts & Design University of North Texas 1155 Union Circle #305100 Denton, TX, 76203-5017           Contact Us  (940) 565-2855 General info: cvad@unt.edu Website issues: artsupport@unt.edu               Site last updated on   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home             
p2
t.