(S'http://tsgs.unt.edu/new-current-students/federation/student-information'
p1
V          Federation Registration Information | Toulouse Graduate School                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home For Future Students »  For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors   For New & Current Students »  For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ   For Faculty & Staff »  For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs   For Alumni & Friends »  For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook   People Contact Us   For New and Current Students » Graduate Student Orientation Assistantship Benefits and Teaching Resources Theses and Dissertations »  Theses and Dissertations Thesis Manual & Submission Guides   Writing Resources Graduate Student Support Services and Workshops Graduation Information Forms Travel Grants Milestones for Graduate Students Academic Resources Federation of North Texas Area Universities »  Federation of North Texas Area Universities Registration Information   Career Services FAQ           Search form  Search the UNT web site:                   Toulouse Graduate School         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                        Toulouse Graduate School                                   Home                           For Future Students                                 Graduate Admissions                           Tuition and Fees                           Funding Your Graduate Education                           Graduate Catalog                           Graduate Academic Advisors                     Programs  UNT offers 82 master\u2019s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs              More Info  Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info              International  Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info                           For New & Current Students                                 Orientation                           Theses and Dissertations                           Writing Resources                           Forms                           Travel Grants                           Cross Registration                           Graduate Milestones                           Graduate Student Council                           FAQ                     Support  As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services              Graduation  You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation              Teaching  UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR.  More Resources                           For Faculty & Staff                                 Robert B Toulouse Fellowship                           McNair Scholars Fellowship                           Graduate Faculty Nominations                           Developing & Revising Programs                     Forms  Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms              Defense Notices  If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification              Resources  Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources                           For Alumni & Friends                                 inCircle                           Twitter                           North Texan                           LinkedIn                           Facebook                     UNT Alumni  The Alumni Association engages the institution\u2019s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association              Spotlights  View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School.  Alumni Success              Support  Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now                           People                           Contact Us                                 In the New & Current Students Section...Graduate Student OrientationAssistantship Benefits and Teaching ResourcesTheses and Dissertations - Thesis Manual & Submission GuidesWriting ResourcesGraduate Student Support Services and WorkshopsGraduation InformationFormsTravel GrantsMilestones for Graduate StudentsAcademic ResourcesFederation of North Texas Area Universities - Registration InformationCareer ServicesFAQ            Federation Registration Information Information for UNT studentsInformation for TWU or A&M-Commerce studentsAdditional Information for UNT StudentsWho May Enroll?Any UNT graduate student admitted to a master\u2019s or doctoral degree program or pursuing certification may cross-register in graduate level courses at TWU or A&M-Commerce that are being used toward their current degree program, as long as they have the approval of their department and TWU/A&M-Commerce does not have restrictions on the course. Non-degree graduate students and undergraduate students are not permitted to cross-register except at the Universities Center at Dallas.Students cannot be enrolled at UNT as a Federation student (cross enrolled from TWU or A&M-Commerce) and a currently enrolled UNT student during the same semester.  If this is the case, the Federation enrollments will be dropped immediately. However, you may be enrolled in UNT courses and cross enrolled at TWU or A&M-Commerce in the same semester.  AdvisingUpon approval from the student's department, a Federation course may be substituted for a UNT course on the degree plan, but Federation courses may not be used to duplicate the grade of a course previously taken at UNT.UNT students should receive advising regarding appropriate TWU/A&M-Commerce Federation courses only from their major professor or departmental advisor prior to contacting the graduate school to cross-register. EnrollmentThe UNT Federation coordinator will take care of your registration for you. Simply fill out the enrollment form. Please allow at least 5-10 working days for cross-registration to be completed. Visit the TWU course listings and the TWU Departmental Course Rotations or the Texas A&M Commerce course listings to select your course. You'll need specific course information for the enrollment form.UNT students taking courses through the Federation will have the course counted as one taken at UNT. The course will be entered as a Special Problems course and the course topic will be the title of the TWU or A&M-Commerce course.Enrollment in the course is contingent upon space availability in the course.  Enrollment in a Federation course is not considered complete until the registration has been accepted by the school offering the course. If a course is canceled, the Federation representative will contact the student and do a schedule change to another course or assist them in dropping the course.Please refer to the TWU or A&M-Commerce websites for information on class times and required books. Only the course title will be transferred to the UNT system. Restrictions to EnrollmentAll students must have advisor approval prior to cross-registering through the Federation.Any students in an Art program will require approval.UNT College of Business MBA and MS students must submit a signed approval form from the College of Business to the Federation Representative prior to requesting cross-registration through the Federation.  Please contact Ben Dearman at Ben.Dearman@unt.edu for this form.Independent study is never allowed without advisor approval for any program.UNT Speech and Hearing Sciences does not permit cross-registration.UNT Psychology and Sociology students need approval from the department director and chair. An approval form from the department will need to be sent to the Federation representative.UNT students may not register in TWU\u2019s health sciences (Nursing, Occupational Therapy, Physical Therapy).Study abroad is allowed with approval. Dropping a Federation CourseUNT students must contact the UNT Federation Representative to DROP a Federation course. Do NOT drop on-line or in the Registrar\u2019s office.Dropping through the Registrar\u2019s office or on-line does NOT drop the course at TWU/A&M-Commerce and may result in an incomplete or failing grade at that institution. DeadlinesStudents are to abide by the UNT deadlines concerning payment, adds/drops and withdrawals as found on the Academic Calendar for each semester. PaymentUNT students enrolling in a course through the Federation will pay tuition and fees to UNT.GradesStudents will receive a code of Z (no grade reported) on their UNT grade report at the end of the semester since UNT/TWU and A&M-Commerce report grades at different times.  Once official grades are received from TWU and A&M-Commerce those grades will be submitted to the UNT registrar and the Z will be replaced by the official grade. Additional Information for TWU or A&M-Commerce StudentsAdvisingTWU/A&M-Commerce students should receive advising on UNT courses from their academic or departmental advisor.EnrollmentTWU and A&M-Commerce students taking courses at UNT through the Federation will have the course counted as one taken at their home institution. Please contact the appropriate Federation Representative to determine how the classes will be listed on your transcript.Enrollment in the course is contingent upon space availability in the course. If a course is canceled, the Federation representative will contact the student and do a schedule change to another course or assist them in dropping the course.Students cannot be enrolled as a Federation student (cross enrolled from TWU or A&M-Commerce) and a currently enrolled UNT student during the same semester.  If this is the case, the Federation enrollments will be dropped immediately. Contact information for the Federation may be found at the official Federation website.Please check the Schedule of Classes for course availability.Logging into the UNT SystemTWU and A&M-Commerce students who are taking an online class at UNT will need to activate a UNT account.1) Go to UNT's Account Management System. From here you can activate your account or reset your password if you already have an old UNT account.2) Contact the UNT Federation Representative to receive your PIN if activating a new account.3) Log onto Blackboard.Your course may not appear until the first day of the term. If you do not see it on the first day of class, please contact the professor to have him or her add the course to your account.Technical issues will need to be addressed through the Student Helpdesk at 940-565-2324.Restrictions to EnrollmentEnrollment in Study Abroad is not allowed due to the fee structure of these courses. Interested students may apply to UNT as a non-degree seeking student to take these courses.Any course that has departmental restrictions needs to be approved by the department or professor before enrollment can take place. Please check the course information in the Schedule of Classes to determine if a class is restricted.Courses with prerequisite requirements may require professor approval.Design:  Cross-registration is only allowed with written/email permission from a UNT advisor or professor.Curriculum and Instruction (EDCI): Cross-registration is only allowed with written/email permission from professor.The College of Business may require approval for certain courses with restrictions or prerequisites.  The UNT Federation Representative will request this approval, if necessary.Classes in Educational Psychology (EPSY, EDSP, DFST) may need additional approval from the department.English: incoming students need to check with department for prerequisites.Library and Information Sciences (INFO):  Incoming students will need approval from the department.  The UNT Federation Representative will request this approval.Behavior Analysis:  Cross-registration is only allowed with written/email permission from the department.  Please contact Laura Davis at Laura.Davis@unt.edu.UNT Speech and Hearing Sciences does not permit cross-registration.Dropping a Federation CoursePlease contact your Federation representative to withdraw from a Federation course. Do not drop a course through the UNT Registrar\u2019s Office, as this will not drop you from your class at your home institution.DeadlinesStudents are to abide by their home institution deadlines concerning payment, adds/drops and withdrawals.PaymentTWU and A&M-Commerce students enrolling in a course through the Federation will pay tuition and fees to their home institution.GradesGrades are sent back to the student\u2019s home institution at the end of the semester.      For New and Current Students  Graduate Student Orientation Assistantship Benefits and Teaching Resources Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Graduate Student Support Services and Workshops Graduation Information Forms Travel Grants Milestones for Graduate Students Academic Resources Federation of North Texas Area UniversitiesRegistration Information  Career Services FAQ                          Visit Us  Eagle Student Services Center       1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas  76203-5459       Mail Us  1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017      Contact Us  940-565-2383                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links       
p2
t.