(S'http://guides.library.unt.edu/content.php?pid=354222&sid=2897465'
p1
V       Copyright Basics - Copyright - Guides at University of North Texas                                               Skip to main content         Information for...       Graduate Students Faculty/Staff Community & Visitors  Persons with Disabilities     UNT Links    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT     Other Library Sites    UNT Dallas Library UNT Health Science Library UNT Dallas Law Library Other Libraries  Library Catalog Interlibrary Loan & Document Delivery (Illiad) Subject & Course Guides  UNT Digital Libraries The Portal to Texas History  Finding Aids Exhibits  Student Study Rooms Reservations Faculty/Staff Room Reservations Course Reserves Digital Audio Reserves Video On Demand   UNT Press Open Access @ UNT University Libraries' Scholarly Blogs Dean's Website         University Libraries             UNT Libraries       Search All Online Articles Books & More Databases e-Journals UNT Digital Collections Subject Guides This Website   MENU    Home Research Services About Help News & Events    Ask Us Accounts Login               Home          Guides          Copyright         Copyright Basics               Search this Guide  Search        Copyright: Copyright Basics  Information on copyright and related topics.          Introduction     Copyright Basics     Fair Use     Author's Rights     Registering a Copyright     Investigating Copyright Status     Obtaining Permission     Law and Legislation     International and Foreign Copyright     In the News     Copyleft               What is copyright?                                     Copyright is a form of protection provided by the laws of the United States (Title 17, U.S. Code) to the authors of "original works," including literary works; musical works and accompanying words; dramatic works; pantomimes and choreographic works; pictorial, graphic, and sculptural works; motion pictures and other audiovisual works; sound recordings; and architectural works.                 What receives copyright protection?                                     Copyright is immediately vested in any original content you create in a tangible format. Copyright protects both published and unpublished materials, such as journal articles, presentations, website content, lecture notes, poems, and emails. Copyright does not protect facts, lists, and public domain materials.             Copyright Basics Resources                                       United States Copyright Office Official homepage of the agency responsible for administering copyright law in the United States. Includes description of the agency, links to agency publications, and links to related Internet resources.    Copyright Basics Describes what a copyright is, what can and can't be copyrighted, notice and duration of copyright, registration procedures, and fees.    The Copyright Handbook: What Every Writer Needs to Know Step-by-step instructions and all the forms you need to register your copyright, protect against infringement, and profit from your work.    Copyright and Fair Use Overview Convenient explanation of copyright law, fair use guidelines, and the process for obtaining permission to use copyrighted materials on Web sites and in the classroom.    Copyright Information Circulars and Fact Sheets Informational brochures on a wide variety of specific topics. Not all the Circulars are currently available online.    Frequently Asked Questions About Copyright This document was prepared by CENDI (the Commerce, Energy, NASA, Defense Information Managers Group) to educate librarians, information center staff, publications staff, and agency authors about copyright from an operations perspective.    Glossary of Copyright Terms and Concepts Definitions of frequently-encountered words and phrases related to copyright. Many of the definitions are taken from Title 17 of the U.S. Code.    Publications on Copyright Lists forms and publications available from the Copyright Office, other Library of Congress offices, the Government Printing Office, and the National Technical Information Service. Also explains how to order the publications.                What rights does Copyright Law provide?                                     The creator of a work has the exclusive right to do and authorize others to do the following: 1.    Reproduce their work 2.    Prepare derivatives of their work 3.    Distribute copies of their work 4.    Perform their work 5.    Display their work 6.    For sound recordings, the right to perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission 17 U.S.C. sec. 106                  << Previous: Introduction   Next: Fair Use >>          Last Updated: Apr 5, 2017 8:53 AM   URL: http://guides.library.unt.edu/giccopyright    Print Page    Login to LibApps       Subjects:  Business, Copyright, Government Information, Intellectual Property, Law   Tags:  gic, govdocs, government documents, government information connection, subjectguide                       Locations & Hours   Select Location    Willis Library  Discovery Park Eagle Commons Media  Library Annex    Mail  University Libraries  1155 Union Circle #305190 Denton , TX 76203-5017                   Partnerships       The University Libraries are a designated Federal Depository Library.        The University Libraries are a Funding Information Network partner of the Foundation Center.        Contact  940.565.2413   Research Questions  Staff Directory  Computer & Technology Problems  Facilities Problems            Disclaimer AA/EOE/ADA Privacy  Electronic Accessibility State of Texas Online Emergency Preparedness Student Consumer Information UNT Compliance Hotline UNT Home                   
p2
t.