(S'http://studentaffairs.unt.edu/raupe-travel-grant'
p1
V           Raupe Travel Grant | Division of Student Affairs                                   Skip to main content               Home  Student Government Association » The SGA Branches Elections Minutes Legislation Services Contact DSA Home          Search form  Search                Division of Student Affairs         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Division of Student Affairs             Student Government Association  The SGA Branches Elections Minutes Legislation Services Contact DSA Home                          Raupe Travel Grant Raupe Travel Grant is a scholarship offered to University of North Texas students who are attending a conference that will not only benefit the university, but themselves as well, enriching the student with knowledge and a learning experience that they can\u2019t get in a classroom setting. Students can receive up to $750 per semester towards their conference(s). Registered student organizations can receive up to $3,000 (up to $750 per student for up to 4 students) towards their conference(s).  Please provide accurate, up-to-date information while filling out your application. Please ensure that you are thorough in your purpose statement for the conference when describing how the conference will benefit your career/major advancement as well as the University. All applications must be turned in online on the Student Government Association Org-Sync page. Please be sure that the conference is between the dates of August 29th, 2016 - February 29th, 2017. This application must be completed before the proposed conference and prior to the Raupe Travel Grant Committee Meetings. You must attend a Raupe Travel Grant committee meeting to ensure you are eligible to receive funding.  Applicants will be notified of the time for their presentation to the Raupe committee via the email provided in this form, so be sure these are regularly checked email addresses.  For more information, please contact us at sga@unt.edu or check the UNT SGA website for more information  Applications for the Spring 2017 Raupe Travel Grant open on January 17th.  Apply This grant is only offered twice a year (once in the fall semester, and again in the spring semester). Apply for the Raupe Travel Grant Rapue Travel Grant Funding Guidelines How you receive the grant funds once awarded:  You will receive your grant money through your my.unt.edu account. If you don\u2019t owe the university money, then you will receive your grant either through a check sent to you or through your Higher One card; It depends on how you signed up to receive refunds through student accounting. If you do owe money to the university, then the grant money will go towards the charges. When the Raupe Travel Grant offered:  The Raupe travel grant is offered twice a year; once in the fall and once in the spring.The grant has a 6 month retroactive date. For example: If the due date for the application is March 9th, 2016 then your conference must be held between September 9, 2016 - September 9, 2017. Common Mistakes:  Make sure you send your letter of recommendation Answer the prompt! It asks how it benefits you AND the university.(HINT: This is hands down the most overlooked aspect of the application!) Please read the questions carefully: Many students are mistakenly putting their personal name under the question 'Name of Conference'. If you have any other questions, please let us know. Our email address for the Raupe Travel Grants is raupe@unt.edu. Frequently Asked Questions: When will I know if I've been awarded or not? You will be emailed between November 25th - 29th as to whether you have been awarded or not. If you do not receive an email by Friday, December 2nd, 2016, please email Dawaelyne.Jones@unt.edu.   If I graduate in May, August or December and my conference is beyond my graduation date, am I still eligible to apply for the Raupe Travel Grant? Yes! As long as you are a student at the application due date, then you are eligible.   If I am awarded, when and where do I send my receipts to? You can email the receipts to raupe@unt.edu; or you can mail or drop them off in the SGA office, Union room 320S (third floor of the Union, next to Wells Fargo and the ODA office). I do not need the original copies; copies are fine. We need them two weeks after the conference date as well. You can find the Raupe Travel Grant Bylaws here.                              Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg          Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #305358 Denton, TX 76203-5107       Contact Us   Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.