(S'http://tsgs.unt.edu/gsc/resources/event-fund'
p1
V          Event Fund | Toulouse Graduate School                                    Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home For Future Students »  For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors   For New & Current Students »  For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ   For Faculty & Staff »  For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs   For Alumni & Friends »  For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook   People Contact Us   Explore GSC! » Graduate Student Council General Assembly Meetings & Governing Documents »  General Assembly Meetings & Governing Documents Advisor Constitution  Bylaws Meeting Agendas Meeting Minutes   GSC Branches »  GSC Branches Legislative Executive   Advocacy in Action »  Advocacy in Action NAGPS   Resources »  Resources Student Organizations Travel Grants GSC Event Fund Events   Connect With Us           Search form  Search the UNT web site:                   Toulouse Graduate School         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                        Toulouse Graduate School                                   Home                           For Future Students                                 Graduate Admissions                           Tuition and Fees                           Funding Your Graduate Education                           Graduate Catalog                           Graduate Academic Advisors                     Programs  UNT offers 82 master\u2019s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs              More Info  Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info              International  Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info                           For New & Current Students                                 Orientation                           Theses and Dissertations                           Writing Resources                           Forms                           Travel Grants                           Cross Registration                           Graduate Milestones                           Graduate Student Council                           FAQ                     Support  As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services              Graduation  You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation              Teaching  UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR.  More Resources                           For Faculty & Staff                                 Robert B Toulouse Fellowship                           McNair Scholars Fellowship                           Graduate Faculty Nominations                           Developing & Revising Programs                     Forms  Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms              Defense Notices  If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification              Resources  Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources                           For Alumni & Friends                                 inCircle                           Twitter                           North Texan                           LinkedIn                           Facebook                     UNT Alumni  The Alumni Association engages the institution\u2019s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association              Spotlights  View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School.  Alumni Success              Support  Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now                           People                           Contact Us                                  Event Fund The Graduate Student Council (GSC) at UNT would like to provide all registered graduate student organizations on campus with the opportunity to receive funding to support events, programs and service projects that directly benefit the graduate student body and enhance the image of graduate programs and the University of North Texas.How to Apply:To apply for the GSC Event Fund, simply complete the application form via OrgSync. You are required to submit a detailed budget with your request. Event fund applications are accepted on a rolling basis and are reviewed twice a month by members of the Executive Board. https://orgsync.com/8404/forms/164729Rules & EligibilityTo receive funding, a graduate student organization must be officially registered with the Student Activities Center.All programs receiving funding from GSC must directly benefit graduate students, and enhance the image of graduate programs and the University of North Texas.The funding request application packet must be submitted at least 3 weeks before the proposed program and program must take place within the academic year in which they are considered.The program must be free to attend for all UNT graduate students.Any organization may not receive funding for the same program more than twice in one year.The requested funding amount may be awarded in whole, part or denied. Appeals may be filed with the GSC Senate within five business days of a funding request decision.Organizations receiving funding must provide proof of advertisement for the program and include the GSC logo on advertisement materials.Organizations receiving funding are restricted to spending the funding as allocated by the GSC, and must submit receipts at least 2 weeks following the event.Organizations receiving funding must volunteer for at least two GSC related events.GSC funds may not be used for the purchase of alcohol or any expense violating University Policy, the Student Code of Conduct or Texas Law.GSC will not deny funding on the basis of gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability, religion, nationality, political affiliation or any other individual difference.Questions or Concerns:If you have any questions or concerns regarding the GSC Event Fund, please contact Vice President of Administration and Finance, Kent Souriyasak (gsc-vpaf@unt.edu).      Explore GSC!  Graduate Student Council General Assembly Meetings & Governing Documents Advocacy in Action GSC Branches ResourcesStudent Organizations Travel Grants Events GSC Event Fund  Connect With Us                          Visit Us  Eagle Student Services Center       1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas  76203-5459       Mail Us  1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017      Contact Us  940-565-2383                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links       
p2
t.