(S'http://tsgs.unt.edu/content/mandatory-requirements'
p1
V          Abbreviated List of Mandatory Formatting  | Toulouse Graduate School                                    Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   Main menu » Home For Future Students »  For Future Students Graduate Admissions Tuition and Fees Funding Your Graduate Education Graduate Catalog Graduate Academic Advisors   For New & Current Students »  For New & Current Students Orientation Theses and Dissertations Writing Resources Forms Travel Grants Cross Registration Graduate Milestones Graduate Student Council FAQ   For Faculty & Staff »  For Faculty & Staff Robert B Toulouse Fellowship McNair Scholars Fellowship Graduate Faculty Nominations Developing & Revising Programs   For Alumni & Friends »  For Alumni & Friends inCircle Twitter North Texan LinkedIn Facebook   People Contact Us           Search form  Search the UNT web site:                   Toulouse Graduate School         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                        Toulouse Graduate School                                   Home                           For Future Students                                 Graduate Admissions                           Tuition and Fees                           Funding Your Graduate Education                           Graduate Catalog                           Graduate Academic Advisors                     Programs  UNT offers 82 master\u2019s degrees and 38 doctoral degrees, many of which are nationally and internationally recognized.View Our Programs              More Info  Learn about UNT's top programs. Fill out a questionnaire and we'll send you information on the programs you're interested in. Request More Info              International  Find all information you need for applying to Toulouse Graduate School from outside the United States.International Info                           For New & Current Students                                 Orientation                           Theses and Dissertations                           Writing Resources                           Forms                           Travel Grants                           Cross Registration                           Graduate Milestones                           Graduate Student Council                           FAQ                     Support  As a grad student, you may need extra support to reach your goals. UNT provides services unique to the needs of graduate students. Support Services              Graduation  You've made it! Find all the resources for graduating and writing your thesis or dissertation. Graduation              Teaching  UNT provides resources to make your graduate assistantship as successful as possible with programs such as CLEAR.  More Resources                           For Faculty & Staff                                 Robert B Toulouse Fellowship                           McNair Scholars Fellowship                           Graduate Faculty Nominations                           Developing & Revising Programs                     Forms  Easily find faculty and staff specific forms for various academic needs. If not logged in you will be asked to log in to view the forms. View Forms              Defense Notices  If your student is defending their dissertation or thesis fill out this form and the defense will automatically be added to the events calendar. Defense Notification              Resources  Additional resources for UNT faculty and staff, such as staff workshops, job openings, and links to faculty success. More Resources                           For Alumni & Friends                                 inCircle                           Twitter                           North Texan                           LinkedIn                           Facebook                     UNT Alumni  The Alumni Association engages the institution\u2019s 216,000+ alumni in the life of the university and to support alumni throughout every stage of life. Alumni Association              Spotlights  View the profiles of success and stories from UNT alumni who have graduated through the Toulouse Graduate School.  Alumni Success              Support  Our alumni give back through volunteer hours, expertise and giving, among others. Your support helps ensure a top education for our students. Give Now                           People                           Contact Us                                  Abbreviated List of Mandatory Formatting  Below is a brief overview of the required formatting for theses and dissertations. For complete details and explanations, you should review the Dissertation & Thesis Manual. Numbers in parentheses in the paragraphs below refer to the relevant sections in the thesis manual.Are you using \u201cfull justification\u201d for your thesis or dissertation? To avoid line and/or word spacing errors later, you must change the default settings in Adobe Acrobat to embed all fonts, before you convert to PDF! Please see section 10.4.3 in the thesis manual, or below in the section entitled \u201cA Final Word About Fonts.\u201dAbstractsImportant notes from chapter 5:The abstract is not considered part of the thesis or dissertation. It is a separate and independent entity.Abstract pages are not numbered.The number of pages referred to in the abstract header should be the exact same number that appears on the very last page of the document.Neither the abstract nor any front matter pages should be included in the page count.Download the Abstract Template (.docx)UNT Manual Trumps All (section 3.2)The UNT thesis manual was never intended to address every possible formatting question, so it is always necessary to use another style guide to supplement the thesis manual. However, university guidelines always take precedence. That is, if any instruction in your guide conflicts with the guidelines specified in the thesis manual, you must follow the thesis manual instead of the supplemental guide.Document Elements and Order (section 4.2)Title Page (required)Copyright Notice (required)Acknowledgments (as appropriate; length limited to 1 page)Table of Contents (required)List of Tables (as appropriate)List of Illustrations (as appropriate)Body of Work (required)Appendix (as appropriate)References/Bibliography (required)Page Numbering (section 4.5)Every page of a thesis or dissertation must bear a number except the title page. Regardless of orientation, page numbers must be bottom center, 0.5 inch above bottom edge of page. The first page of the body of the document (usually the first page of the first chapter) is numbered Arabic numeral 1.Everything that occurs before page 1 is collectively referred to as "front matter." Front matter pages should be numbered with small Roman numerals (e.g., ii, iii, etc.), beginning with copyright notice page as page ii; title page is always page i but the page number never appears. MarginsMargins are 1 inch on all sides for all pages (section 4.3).Font Style (section 4.6)Use a single typeface (i.e., font style) throughout your document for all text, figures, tables, etc. Bold or headline typeface, small caps, script, handwriting or decorative fonts are not allowed. With a few exceptions as noted in the thesis manual, the entire document should be in 12 point font size. Newer versions of Microsoft Word default to 11 point \u2013 this must be changed to 12 point.Headings (section 4.7)In Text First level headings should be in all caps, centered on the line and must begin on a new page. Second level headings should be formatted in headline style cap and centered on line. Heading levels below second level should follow the format specified in the style manual relevant to your discipline.Optionally, authors are permitted to insert an extra double-space above subheading titles that are preceded by text. Authors must be consistent, however.In the Table of Contents (section 6.4) Only first level headings appear in all caps. All other headings should use headline style capitalization and headings fifth level and beyond should not appear at all.Headline vs. Sentence Style Capitalization (section 8.5) In headline style capitalization, the first letter of the following words are capitalized: first word, first word following a colon (i.e., first word of a subtitle), proper nouns, major words, last word. In sentence style, only the first word, first word following a colon and proper nouns are capitalized.Optional, but ImportantLandscape pages can be left in landscape orientation. There is no need to rotate them 90 degrees. Page numbers should be bottom center, regardless of orientation (section 4.1).Sans serif fonts like Arial, Helvetica and Tahoma are strongly encouraged. Courier is strongly discouraged (section 4.6).A Final Word About FontsFonts must be from the same typeface throughout the entire thesis or dissertation (section 4.6). Please make sure all ancillary elements (footnotes, page numbers, etc.) match. Microsoft Office  does not change these fonts to match by default. Browse Microsoft's tutorial on how to change the default font to prevent any varied-font errors.Additional ResourcesThesis and Dissertation Fellowship                       Visit Us  Eagle Student Services Center       1147 Union Circle, ESSC #354 (UPS/FedEx) Denton, Texas  76203-5459       Mail Us  1155 Union Circle #305459 Denton, Texas 76203-5017      Contact Us  940-565-2383                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links       
p2
t.