(S'http://facultysuccess.unt.edu/'
p1
V        Office for Faculty Success                            Skip to main content               Home  Teaser Menu » Home Showcase Resources Events Newsletters About Us   Main menu » Awards & Recognition »  Awards & Recognition Faculty Awards Overview Toulouse Scholar Award UNT Foundation Awards University Distinguished Professorships Regents Professor Teaching Awards Research Awards Service Awards Salute to Faculty Excellence Event   Resources »  Resources Events Newsletters Professional Development »  Professional Development ACE Fellows Chair Academy Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Faculty Development Leave Faculty Writing Group Harvard Institutes for Higher Education Leadership Fellows Leadership Texas Mentoring National Center for Faculty Development & Diversity   Faculty Climate Survey Academic Resources Teaching Resources Research Resources Employee Resources Campus Administration Resources Other University Resources Faculty Senate Faculty Information System Resources for Chairs   Tenure and Promotion »  Tenure and Promotion Tenure and Promotion Overview Workshops Recently Promoted Faculty, Lecturers and Librarians Tenure and Promotion Forms   Salute to Faculty Excellence »  Salute to Faculty Excellence 2016 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2016 Award Winners 2015 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2015 Award Winners 2014 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2014 Award Winners 2013 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2013 Award Winners   Faculty Climate Survey »  Faculty Climate Survey Climate Faculty Survey Overview Executive Summary Climate Task Force Members Climate Survey Questionnaire Climate Survey Key Findings Key Findings by Variables Key Findings by College Request for Climate Survey Data   Workshops & Events »  Workshops & Events FacultyConnect: Getting Started on Research and Grants FacultyConnect: New Faculty Orientation FacultyConnect: Meet the Provost FacultyConnect: Mentoring Luncheons FacultyConnect: Pathway to Promotion for Lecturers FacultyConnect: Pathway to Tenure and Promotion for Tenure-System Faculty FacultyConnect: Socials FacultyConnect: Work Life Balance Beyond Tenure Faculty Development Leave Getting Engaged Internationally Preparing for Retirement Productive Writing Strategies Salute to Faculty Excellence in Research Salute to Faculty Excellence in Teaching Teaching Excellence Seminars Training and Celebrating Faculty Mentors   Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives »  Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Black Faculty Network International Faculty Network La Colectiva LGBT Faculty Network National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity Women's Faculty Network (WFN)            Search form  Search                Office for Faculty Success         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University of North Texas Office for Faculty Success              Home Showcase Resources Events Newsletters About Us          Expand Menu  Collapse Menu        Awards & RecognitionFaculty Awards Overview Toulouse Scholar Award UNT Foundation Awards University Distinguished Professorships Regents Professor Teaching Awards Research Awards Service Awards Salute to Faculty Excellence Event  ResourcesEvents Newsletters Professional DevelopmentACE Fellows Chair Academy Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Faculty Development Leave Faculty Writing Group Harvard Institutes for Higher Education Leadership Fellows Leadership Texas Mentoring National Center for Faculty Development & Diversity  Faculty Climate Survey Academic Resources Teaching Resources Research Resources Employee Resources Campus Administration Resources Other University Resources Faculty Senate Faculty Information System Resources for Chairs  Tenure and PromotionTenure and Promotion Overview Workshops Recently Promoted Faculty, Lecturers and Librarians Tenure and Promotion Forms  Salute to Faculty Excellence2016 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2016 Award Winners 2015 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2015 Award Winners 2014 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2014 Award Winners 2013 Awards Dinner and Ceremony 2013 Award Winners  Faculty Climate SurveyClimate Faculty Survey Overview Executive Summary Climate Task Force Members Climate Survey Questionnaire Climate Survey Key Findings Key Findings by Variables Key Findings by College Request for Climate Survey Data  Workshops & EventsFacultyConnect: Getting Started on Research and Grants FacultyConnect: New Faculty Orientation FacultyConnect: Meet the Provost FacultyConnect: Mentoring Luncheons FacultyConnect: Pathway to Promotion for Lecturers FacultyConnect: Pathway to Tenure and Promotion for Tenure-System Faculty FacultyConnect: Socials FacultyConnect: Work Life Balance Beyond Tenure Faculty Development Leave Getting Engaged Internationally Preparing for Retirement Productive Writing Strategies Salute to Faculty Excellence in Research Salute to Faculty Excellence in Teaching Teaching Excellence Seminars Training and Celebrating Faculty Mentors  Diversity and Inclusion InitiativesBlack Faculty Network International Faculty Network La Colectiva LGBT Faculty Network National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity Women's Faculty Network (WFN)                                 Professor Andrew Torget\u2019s Seeds of Empire: Cotton, Slavery, and the Transformation of the Texas Borderlands, 1800\u20131850 is Getting Rave Reviews   Andrew Torget, Associate Professor in the Department of History has been getting rave revie   Read More      Easter Seals North Texas integrates the research of Shahla Ala'i-Rosales and Jesus Rosales-Ruiz   Easter Seals North Texas integrates the research of Shahla Ala'i-Rosales and Jesus Rosales-Ruiz, UNT associate professors of the Department of...   Read More      Professor Ian McGuire\u2019s Novel "The North Water" is Making Waves   Professor Ian McGuire, Associate Professor of English, has received tremendous accolades for his novel The North Water.   Read More      Richard Rogers\u2019 research on Miranda warning inspires criminal justice system reforms   Dr. Rogers\u2019 Miranda research is making a real difference for thousands of juvenile arrestees in Illinois with similar legislation being proposed in...   Read More      Professor Guido Verbeck's Mobile Mass Spectrometer   Professor Guido Verbeck of UNT's Chemistry faculty has developed a mobile mass spectrometer, and have installed it on a Ford Fusion. This remarkable...   Read More      Professor Pamela Padilla Awarded NIH and NSF Grants   Pamela Padilla, Associate Professor in Biological Sciences, has recently been awarded two grants totaling $1.4 million. The National Institutes of...   Read More             Faculty Newsletter Latest Edition        UNT Faculty Newsletter May 2017   Faculty Focus Big Recognition for Early-Career Faculty Lead a Study Abroad Trip Policy Update UNT Introduces Major in Japanese Salute to Faculty Exellence May Give-Away Important Dates    View Newsletter   View All          Search form  Search                        Overview of Faculty Success      The University of North Texas strives to create an environment where faculty feel inspired and enabled to reach their full potential. The Office for Faculty Success provides support to ensure that faculty at all levels are effective teachers, productive scholars, and engaged university citizens. We encourage you to explore the faculty success website to find additional information on programming, resources, and important events happening across campus. Read More About Us          New Faculty Need to get connected?     UNT Faculty Newsletter May 2017   Faculty Focus Big Recognition for Early-Career Faculty Lead a Study Abroad Trip Policy Update UNT Introduces Major in...     UNT Faculty Newsletter March 2017 Edition   Faculty Focus Lecturer Spotlight UNT Researchers Collaborate with Easter Seals to Help Autistic Children Inernational...     Faculty Mentoring   The UNT Faculty Mentoring Program provides new faculty with support and resources for successful academic careers. UNT...            All Faculty Need help with career development?     National Center for Faculty Development & Diversity   The National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity is an independent professional development, training, and...     Faculty Mentoring   The UNT Faculty Mentoring Program provides new faculty with support and resources for successful academic careers. UNT...                   Faculty Showcase             Dr. Saraju Mohanty Named Editor-in-Chief of Consumer Electronics Magazine   Mar 21, 2017   Dr. Saraju Mohanty of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering has been named the new Editor-in-Chief of...   Read More        Dr. Spencer Keralis Wins Award and Scores Invitation to Serve Summer Residency   Mar 21, 2017   Spencer Keralis, Research Associate Professor and  Head of Digital Humanities and Collaborative Programs at UNT...   Read More        National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity   Dec 22, 2016   UNT faculty, staff, and graduate students are now able to participate in the online programming offered by the National...   Read More        Dr. Cynthia Mohr, named recipient of the International Interior Design Association Leadership Award of Excellence   Dec 21, 2016   Cynthia Mohr, Professor and Chair of UNT\u2019s Design Department in the College of Visual Arts and Design, was recently...   Read More        Dr. Meredith Clark and Colleagues Awarded Grant to Study #BlackLivesMatter   Oct 31, 2016   Meredith Clark, Assistant Professor in the Mayborn School of Journalism, and two of her colleagues have had a $30,000 ...   Read More          View All              Featured Events           Upcoming Events             Oct 20, 2017 at 6:30 am   Salute to Faculty Excellence Awards Dinner & Ceremony   Each fall the UNT Foundation joins with the Office of the President and the Office of the Provost and Vice President    View Event          View Events Calendar               UNT News          UNT professor earns national award for her dissertation   Rachel U. Mun, a University of North Texas professor, has been awarded the 2017 National Association for Gifted...     UNT political scientist honored with Piper Professor award   DENTON (UNT), Texas \u2014 During a visit to Washington, D.C., last year, University of North Texas faculty member John...     UNT professor gets new opportunity to combine leadership skills and science   DENTON, Texas (UNT) \u2014 Pamela Padilla, an associate professor of biology at the University of North Texas and Associate...          View All News                    Faculty Awards & Honors             2017 Salute to Faculty Ecellence Dinner Date Set   Each fall the UNT Foundation joins with the Office of the President and the Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs to host a gala event celebrating the...   Read More        Wendy L. Watson, Awarded the UNT Foundation Outstanding Lecturer Award   Wendy Watson, Senior Lecturer in Political Science, holds a JD and a Master\u2019s degree in Public Policy from the College of William and Mary as well as a Ph.D. from The Ohio State...   Read More        M. Jean Keller, Awarded the UNT Community Engagement Award   Dr. Jean Keller is Professor of Kinesiology and Health Promotion. She previously served as Provost and Deputy Vice Chancellor for Transition at UNT Dallas. For 15 years, she...   Read More        Narendra B. Dehotre, Awarded the UNT Foundation Faculty Leadership Award   Dr. Dahotre is University Distinguished Research Professor and former Chairman of the Department of Materials Science and Engineering. Prior to joining UNT he held a joint faculty...   Read More        T. David Mason, Awarded the UNT Foundation Eminent Faculty Award   David Mason is the Johnie Christian Family Peace Professor, Regents Professor of Political Science, and Director of UNT's undergraduate Peace Studies Program. He is co-founder of...   Read More        The 2016-17 UNT Major Award Winners   Salute to Faculty Excellence 2016 Winners Congratulations to the recipients of the major UNT awards for 2015-16 listed below, all of whom will be honored at the Salute to Faculty...   Read More     Awards Overview View All Awards                  Faculty Resources             UNT Faculty Newsletter May 2017   Faculty Focus Big Recognition for Early-Career Faculty Lead a Study Abroad Trip Policy Update UNT Introduces Major in...   Read More        UNT Faculty Newsletter April 2017   Faculty Focus Lecturer Spotlight Confronting "Fake News" SPOT Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at UNT UNT Librarian...   Read More        UNT Faculty Newsletter March 2017 Edition   Faculty Focus Lecturer Spotlight UNT Researchers Collaborate with Easter Seals to Help Autistic Children Inernational...   Read More     National Center for Faculty Development & Diversity   The National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity is an independent professional development, training, and...   Read More     Resources Overview View All Resources                              Visit Us  Hurley Administration Bldg        2310 N. I-35E Denton, TX 76205         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, TX 76203       Contact Us   940-565-3987 faculty.success@unt.edu                 Site last updated on May 06, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 06, 2017 | Important Links            
p2
t.