(S'http://www.coe.unt.edu/teacher-education-and-administration/certification-programs%20'
p1
V      Certification Programs | UNT College of Education                   Skip to Main Content Area           MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT        AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan  Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms  Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs  Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office  DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center  PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students  Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE            Search this site:                                   AboutWelcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan  Admissions and AdvisingFuture Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms  Degrees and ProgramsUndergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs  Teacher CertificationHow do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office  DepartmentsCounseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center  PeopleFaculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students  Alumni and FriendsNewsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE                About Welcome from the Dean Recognition, Accreditation, and Accountability Clinics, Centers, and Projects Conferences Mission, Vision, and Function History of the College of Education Our Strategic Plan  Admissions and Advising Future Students Prospective Student Advising Sessions Student Advising Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Undergraduate and Transfer Forms Graduate Student Forms  Degrees and Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Non-Degree Programs and Certifications Online Programs  Teacher Certification How do I become certified? Teacher Certification Programs Tk20 Clinical Practice Office  Departments Counseling and Higher Education Educational Psychology Kinesiology, Health Promotion, and Recreation Teacher Education and Administration Kristin Farmer Autism Center  People Faculty and Staff Directory Deans and Administration New Faculty and Staff Endowed Chairs and Professorships Emeritus Faculty Awards, Promotions, and Tenure Dean's List Students  Alumni and Friends Newsletter Where Are They Now? Campaign Development Board Giving to the COE                       College of Education \u203a Teacher Education and Administration \u203a Certification Programs       Certification Programs     Post-Baccalaureate Teacher Certification For candidates who did not pursue educational studies as an undergraduate but who have a bachelor's degree and now want to become a teacher, the Department of Teacher Education and Administration offers its post-baccalaureate certification programs. These programs, which lead to teacher certification, are offered totally online except for the clinical practice component that is required by the Texas Education Agency. Courses from each of these programs may be applied to a master's degree program if students are interested in a graduate degree. EC-6 Generalist with Supplemental ESL Certification This post-baccalaureate teacher certification program is designed for individuals who want to earn initial teacher certification to teach children, early-childhood through grade 6. These children may include those who can speak some English but are not proficient in English, which is not their native language. The program prepares its graduates to be generalists in EC-6 education as well as ESL teachers. >> Learn more about the EC-6 Generalist with Supplemental ESL Certification program EC-6 Generalist with Supplemental Bilingual Certification This post-baccalaureate teacher certification program is designed for individuals who want to earn initial teacher certification to teach in bilingual settings in EC-6 classrooms. In bilingual education, the child\u2019s native language and English are both used for instruction in all or part of the school curriculum. >> Learn more about the EC-6 Generalist with Supplemental Bilingual Certification program Online Secondary Education Certification The Online Teacher Certification Program was designed for mature students who have a bachelor\u2019s degree and want to earn initial secondary teacher certification at the graduate level. >> Learn more about Online Secondary Education Certification programs Supplementary Certification - Master Reading Teacher This post-baccalaureate supplementary certification program is designed for individuals who hold a valid Teacher Certificate. >> Learn more about the Supplementary Certification - Master Reading Teacher program Principal and Superintendent Certification UNT has two outstanding certification programs for administrators: the Principal Certification Program and the Superintendent Certification Program. Both are associated with degree programs. The Principal Certification Program is a 39-hour program, of which 36 hours can lead to a MEd degree, whereas the Superintendent Certification program requires 15 hours of coursework, of which 12 hours can be applied to a doctoral degree in Education Leadership if the student applies and is accepted into the program. Through these programs the Educational Leadership faculty help develop leadership for schools and school districts promoting social equity, excellence, and engaged learning and teaching. Principal Certification The Principal Certification program focuses on the skills required for campus-level and central office administration. Individuals may enroll in a program leading to the Texas Principal Certificate along with a Master of Education with a major in Educational Leadership. Those who already hold a master's degree may earn a principal's certificate without earning a second master's degree. >> Learn more about the Principal Certification program SW Securities/UNT Superintendent Certification The Southwest Securities/UNT Program provides high-quality, research-based preparation for top school leaders. The individuals tapped into this superintendency program by their mentor superintendents will have approximately half of their tuition reimbursed by a Southwest Securities scholarship when they pass the courses. Participants in the Superintendent Certification Program may decide to apply to the doctoral program in Educational Leadership, with which it is closely linked. >> Learn more about the SW Securities/UNT Superintendent Certification program   Back to Teacher Education and Administration     Department of Teacher Education and Administration                              Contact Information College of Education    Matthews Hall, Room 214    1300 West Highland Street    Denton, TX 76203 Contact the College of Education     Email Us For technical problems with this web site, contact COEWeb@unt.edu.         UNT System  UNT System UNT Dallas Campus UNT Health Science Center Universities Center at Dallas     Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online         Go to Secure Login Page                  
p2
t.