(S'http://international.unt.edu/ieli/intensive-english-language-institute-classrooms-and-labs'
p1
V          Intensive English Language Institute Classrooms and Labs | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   IELI Menu » Home »  Home Administration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar   Language & Culture Programs »  Language & Culture Programs Academic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training   Tuition & Fees »  Tuition & Fees Housing Rates UNT Meal Plans   Apply Now »  Apply Now How to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request   Student Services »  Student Services Airport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home    Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             IELI Menu  HomeAdministration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar  Language & Culture ProgramsAcademic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training  Tuition & FeesHousing Rates UNT Meal Plans  Apply NowHow to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request  Student ServicesAirport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home   Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International                     Classrooms The Intensive English Language Institute is located in the center of campus in Marquis Hall. 22 classrooms and 2 student lounges are located on the second and third floors allowing students to study and relax all in one building. IELI's administrative offices are located on the first floor. Computer Labs The Intensive English Language Institute is home to 2 computer labs; a multimedia lab and an instructional lab. The multimedia lab offers to 28 computers, printers, countless movies, books, and a variety of English practice materials. Movies and books may be checked out to for use at home.  Educational software is available anywhere students have access to the internet.  The instructional lab provides language learning software and additional computer instruction. The Institute hosts a number of workshops in this computer lab to provide even more support to students. 15 computers are available in this lab. Hours of Operation 7:45 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. (Monday - Friday) Closed on Saturday and Sunday                            Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.