(S'http://international.unt.edu/ieli/academic-english-intensive-english-language-institute'
p1
V          Academic English at Intensive English Language Institute | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   IELI Menu » Home »  Home Administration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar   Language & Culture Programs »  Language & Culture Programs Academic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training   Tuition & Fees »  Tuition & Fees Housing Rates UNT Meal Plans   Apply Now »  Apply Now How to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request   Student Services »  Student Services Airport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home    Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             IELI Menu  HomeAdministration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar  Language & Culture ProgramsAcademic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training  Tuition & FeesHousing Rates UNT Meal Plans  Apply NowHow to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request  Student ServicesAirport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home   Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International                      Academic English Academic English prepares international students for university. This program is ideal for students who want to study at the University of North Texas or at other universities in the United States. Program Overview Students attend 23 hours of class per week, Monday through Friday.  In addition to core and supplemental class time, students spend 15 to 20 hours per week on homework. Instructors provide office hours to help students outside of class.    - 7 levels of English proficiency (0-6)    - Beginner through advanced     - 5 terms offered each year    - 8-week terms: Fall I, Fall II, Spring I, Spring II, Summer Placement Test All new students take a placement test to determine their proficiency in the English language. This two hour test will assess listening, reading, grammar and composition skills. Preparation is not required. The test is administered on the first day of orientation. Test results determine level placement.  Students may be assigned additional work to meet the expectations of the level they auto-placed into based on test results. Test results are available within the week. Communication & Writing Classes (20 hours/week)  Communication Writing Supplemental (3 hours/week)  Reading    Listening    Speaking    Pronunciation    Vocabulary    Critical thinking    Writing    Grammar    Spelling    Library research   SpeakingListeningSpellingNote taking skillsOther academic skills     Automatic placement at IELI: Your Ticket to UNT International students who have taken TOEFL iBT or IELTS within the last 12 months may place directly into IELI levels 4, 5, or 6. Students must submit official scores to IELI for automatic placement. Test scores must be submitted at least one week prior to the start of Registration and Welcome Week. Submit your scores here.  Students with these test scores Will place into And will need \u2026 TOEFL iBT score IELTS score   IELI Levels 50 5.5  4 3 terms (6 months) to complete IELI 55 composite with sub-scores \u2265 13 5.5 overall with all sub-scores \u2265 5.5  5 2 terms (4 months) to complete IELI 60 composite with sub-scores \u2265 15 6.0 overall with all sub-scores \u2265 6.0  6 1 term (2 months) to complete IELI   Conditional Admission to UNT Students enrolled in level 6 with conditional admission to an undergraduate major at UNT may enroll in two UNT courses while completing level 6.Graduate students enrolled in level 6 may apply for conditional admission to a graduate program and take one graduate level class while completing level 6. English Proficiency Requirement at UNT IELI graduates meet the English proficiency requirement for admission to University of North Texas. IELI graduates are not required to take an English proficiency exam for admission to UNT.   For more information about our Academic English Program, please contact us at ieli@unt.edu or +1 940-565-2003                           Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.