(S'http://international.unt.edu/ieli/american-culture-and-communication-program'
p1
V          American Culture and Communication Program | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   IELI Menu » Home »  Home Administration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar   Language & Culture Programs »  Language & Culture Programs Academic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training   Tuition & Fees »  Tuition & Fees Housing Rates UNT Meal Plans   Apply Now »  Apply Now How to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request   Student Services »  Student Services Airport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home    Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             IELI Menu  HomeAdministration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar  Language & Culture ProgramsAcademic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training  Tuition & FeesHousing Rates UNT Meal Plans  Apply NowHow to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request  Student ServicesAirport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home   Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International                                          AMERICAN CULTURE AND COMMUNICATION Program Overview  The American Culture & Communication Program offers participants a unique opportunity to learn English and increase fluency through cultural immersion, social interaction, experiential learning, and engagement with the communities of UNT, Denton and Dallas/Fort Worth. Participants meet and network with UNT faculty and students, explore majors and future careers in the U.S., and learn about attending American universities.  The 2017 program for high school students aged 15-17 years old will be held for a period of two weeks from July 9 - 22, 2017. The 2017 program for university students and teachers will be held for a period of three weeks from July 9 - 29, 2017. For more information, contact  ielimainoffice@unt.edu English Classes 16 hours of English classes and interactive workshops held each week from Monday through Thursday. Participants receive individualized attention from highly qualified instructors with years of experience with living, studying, and working abroad. Classes focus on core English skills including grammar, listening, reading, speaking and pronunciation, and writing. Classes are organized by english speaking level. WorkshopsUS Culture & Oral Communication (Required) \u2013 Students develop accurate speaking, improve pronunciation, and learn about American idioms. They also improve their understanding of American culture and values through group discussions and presentations. Language and Content (Elective) \u2013 Students study American culture and improve their English language skills. Participants select one of the following:      - UNT Scholar \u2013 Learn all about UNT while practicing oral communication skills in English during campus tours and field trips.      - Professional Development \u2013 Develop professional skills using English including resume and email writing, interviewing, job searching, and creating e-portfolios.      - English Through Film \u2013 Practice English while improving listening, learning about culture, idioms, and slang, and discussing American TV shows and movies.      - Presentation Skills \u2013 Practice and improve oral communication skills for academic presentations in English.      - Performing Arts \u2013 Practice English and gain confidence through short drama skits and improvisation.\u200b Cultural Activities Participants enjoy evening activities on campus and around Denton, including sports and games, movie nights and scavenger hunts, conversations with Americans, the Planetarium, and a closing ceremony. Numerous restaurants and shops are within walking distance. Participants have access to UNT\u2019s fabulous Pohl Recreation Center, Willis Library, and computer labs. We also host off-campus cultural excursions on Fridays and on the weekends. Potential field trips incude Denton Square, downtown Dallas, NorthPark Center Mall, Texas Rangers Ballpark, Dallas Cowboys Stadium, the Fort Worth Stockyards and Championship Rodeo. Accommodations and Meals Participants reside in Traditions and Honors Hall on the UNT campus. Meal plan (3 meals a day) will be provided. Saturday dinner is not included in tuition cost. Program Cost2017 ACCP for College Students & Teachers: $2000 This includes airport transfers, on-campus housing and meals, scheduled classes and activities, and access to UNT facilities. 2017 ACCP for High School Students: $2100 This includes airport transfers, on-campus housing and meals, scheduled classes, chaperoned activities in the afternoon, evening, and on the weekend, and access to UNT facilities. Chaperone Fee Chaperone service for program for UAEM participants* Registration and 50% or Full Payment Deadline: April 28, 2017 (High School Students Program) April 28, 2017(University Students & Teachers program) Payment of Balance Deadline: May 25, 2017 (High School Students Program) May 25, 2017 (University Students & Teachers program) *Sponsored accommodations for one coordinator for groups or universities that enroll 25-49 participants. Sponsored accommodations for two coordinators for groups or universities that enroll 50 or more participants.   Click here to register and make a payment                           Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.