(S'http://international.unt.edu/ieli/apply-intensive-english-language-institute'
p1
V          Apply to the Intensive English Language Institute | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   IELI Menu » Home »  Home Administration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar   Language & Culture Programs »  Language & Culture Programs Academic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training   Tuition & Fees »  Tuition & Fees Housing Rates UNT Meal Plans   Apply Now »  Apply Now How to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request   Student Services »  Student Services Airport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home    Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             IELI Menu  HomeAdministration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar  Language & Culture ProgramsAcademic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training  Tuition & FeesHousing Rates UNT Meal Plans  Apply NowHow to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request  Student ServicesAirport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home   Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International                     Ready to Apply to the Intensive English Language Institute? Click on the phrase that best describes you: I am outside the United States and need an F-1 student visa.  Application Process for International Students (F-1 Student Visa) Complete the IELI Application Form (online submission process) Pay the IELI application fee.  Options include: Credit card (American Express, Discover, MasterCard, or Visa)  Money order or cashier\u2019s check (drafted from US bank)   University of North Texas   UNT-International   1155 Union Circle #311067   Denton, TX 76203 Cash payment in person (UNT-International Account Office, MARQ room 105)  Gather the following documents and fax them to 940-565-4822 (Attention: IELI Admissions Advisor) Diploma from high school or transcripts from university Copy of your passport Bank statement or Financial Guarantee or Scholarship Letter IELI Statement of Financial Responsiblity Copy of your dependents\u2019 passports (if needed)   I am in the United States on an F-1 visa and want to transfer to IELI.  Complete the IELI Application Form (online submission process) Pay the IELI application fee.  Options include: Credit card (American Express, Discover, MasterCard, or Visa)  Money order or cashier\u2019s check (drafted from US bank)   University of North Texas   UNT International   1155 Union Circle #311067   Denton, TX 76203 Cash payment in person (UNT International Account Office, MARQ room 105)  Gather the following documents and fax them to 940-565-4822 (Attention: IELI Admissions Advisor) Diploma from high school or transcripts from university Copy of your passport Transcripts showing your final grades and attendance from your current English program Bank statement or Financial Guarantee or Scholarship Letter IELI Statement of Financial Responsiblity Copy of your dependents\u2019 passports (if needed)   I am a permanent resident or United States citizen.  Complete the IELI Application Form (online submission process) Pay the IELI application fee.  Options include: Credit card (American Express, Discover, MasterCard, or Visa)  Money order or cashier\u2019s check (drafted from US bank)   University of North Texas   UNT International   1155 Union Circle #311067   Denton, TX 76203 Cash payment in person (UNT International Account Office, MARQ room 105)  Gather the following documents and fax them to 940-565-4822 (Attention: IELI Admissions Advisor) Diploma from high school or transcripts from university Copy of your passport or permanent residency card   I am in the United States on an F-2 or another visa (J-1, J-2, etc)  Complete the IELI Application Form (online submission process) Pay the IELI application fee.  Options include: Credit card (American Express, Discover, MasterCard, or Visa)  Money order or cashier\u2019s check (drafted from US bank)   University of North Texas   UNT International   1155 Union Circle #311067   Denton, TX 76203 Cash payment in person (UNT International Account Office, MARQ room 105)  Gather the following documents and fax them to 940-565-4822 (Attention: IELI Admissions Advisor) Diploma from high school or transcripts from university Copy of your passport Copy of your non F-1 visa      Documents   Who Needs to Turn It In   Where to Find It  Transcripts and Diploma from High School or Transcripts from University (University Diploma is optional) All applicants Your school in your home country. If the school is not able to issue you copies in English, you will need to get them translated by a certified translator. The translator must also notarize the translation in English as well. Copy of Your Passport All applicants If you do not already have a passport, you will need to apply for one in your home country. Transcripts Showing Final Grades and Attendance from Current English Program All transfer students You will need to request a copy of these transcripts from your current English program. Copy of Your non-F-1 Visa All applicants who are on a visa type other than F-1 visa    (F-2, J-1, J-2, etc.)  If you do not already have a passport and/or visa, you will need to apply for one in your home country.  Permanent Residency Card Permanent Residents or US citizens If you do not already have a passport, you will need to apply for one in your home country. If you have not received your Permanent Residency card yet, you will need to send us a copy of your Approval Notice for your residency application. Bank Statement or Financial Guarantee or Scholarship letter All applicants needing an F1 visa Your bank or scholarship office in your home country. If they are not able to issue you copies in English, you will need to get the documents translated by a certified translator. The translator must also notarize the translation in English as well. IELI Statement of Financial Responsibility All applicants needing an F1 visa IELI Statement of Financial Responsibility Form *Copy of Your Dependents' Passports Applicants who are bringing family members (spouse and/or children) who need an F2 visa. If your dependents do not already have a passport, they will need to apply for one in your home country.  For more information: ieli@unt.edu or 940-565-2003                            Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.