(S'http://international.unt.edu/ieli/you-arrive-university-north-texas'
p1
V          Before you Arrive at University of North Texas | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   IELI Menu » Home »  Home Administration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar   Language & Culture Programs »  Language & Culture Programs Academic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training   Tuition & Fees »  Tuition & Fees Housing Rates UNT Meal Plans   Apply Now »  Apply Now How to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request   Student Services »  Student Services Airport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home    Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             IELI Menu  HomeAdministration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar  Language & Culture ProgramsAcademic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training  Tuition & FeesHousing Rates UNT Meal Plans  Apply NowHow to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request  Student ServicesAirport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home   Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International                     CONGRATULATIONS! You have chosen to study English in one of the oldest and most respected Intensive English Language Programs in the United States. Our program will give you the English preparation you need to continue studying in the U.S., study in your home country, or further your career. While at IELI, we will offer you many opportunities to grow as a student and as a person. We hope you are looking forward to your experience here as much as we are!  Attending Orientation Entering the United States Finances and Tuition Payments Health If Your Plans Change Making Travel Plans Obtaining a Student Visa    Attending Registration and Orientation IELI Orientation Session (Mandatory)    You will participate in a cultural and academic orientation session for all new students at IELI. If you do not attend all sessions, you will be required to attend a late orientation once classes have started. IELI will also have social activities planned so you can meet your instructors, staff, and fellow students. Placement Test: (Mandatory)    The test includes listening, reading, grammar, and composition. No preparation is needed to take the two-hour test; results of the test are available the next day. Location: Marquis Hall, Room Time: Exactly 8 a.m. Please be on time. What to bring: I-20 or DS-2019, IELI admission letter, passport, I-94, 2 pencils, record of Meningitis vaccine, and tuition payment.   Entering the United States Prepare to Enter the U.S.    At the port of entry, be ready to show the U.S. admitting officer any official immigration and travel documents that belong to you and your family members (if they are coming with you to the U.S. while you study). The list below contains possible documents that you may have to show, depending on what your immigration status will be in the U.S. while you are studying.  Most students will be studying on an F-1 visa. Original I-20 issued by UNT (3 page document): for F-1 visa students and F-2 visa dependents (family members). Passport and any dependent passports. Visa stamp Any other original, official immigration documents that show your current immigration status in the United States (if you already have one). Please Make Sure\u2026 Your passport is stamped by the officer. The officer writes your correct immigration status on the passport after stamping it.  If the immigration status is not correct, nicely ask the officer if he/she could please check it again.   Finances and Tuition Payments Prepare a budget and plan carefully to be sure that you have regular transfer of funds from your home country to cover your expenses in the U.S. The estimated expenses stated on your I-20 or DS-2019 are average costs for an academic year. Learn if your country has restrictions on sending money abroad. Keep an emergency balance of at least two months\u2019 expenses on deposit in the U.S. at all times. We have a bank on campus where you can set up an account to avoid international transaction fees. DO NOT CARRY LARGE AMOUNTS OF CASH. Contact your credit card company BEFORE you come to the U.S. to notify them that you will be leaving your country. If you do not contact the credit card company, you credit card might not work in the U.S. Tuitions Payments You will need about $6500 for tuition, housing, and living expenses for an eight-week session. Use traveler\u2019s checks in U.S. dollars or credit cards. For credit a use, there will be a 2.7% service fee. Failure to complete payment or prove sponsorship at registration results in a late fee of $100.   Health IELI students may see doctors, nurses, and pharmacists at the Health Center with a student ID card. Medical Insurance Health care in the U.S. is expensive. All international students at IELI and UNT must have health insurance during the time they are in the U.S. Non sponsored students will have health insurance through UNT\u2019s student insurance plan, Aetna. Your coverage begins as soon as your plane lands, however, you will not receive your insurance card until after the 12th class day. International students must NOT buy medical insurance in their home country to bring to UNT. Immunizations    All new students under the age of 22 are required to be vaccinated against bacterial meningitis. You can get the Meningitis vaccination in your home country, but your vaccine records must be in English. The UNT Health & Wellness Center offers bacterial meningitis vaccines as well. You MUST provide proof of the vaccine before you attend the first Orientation session. Failure to provide proof will result in you missing the orientation session and you will be taken to the health center to receive the vaccine and will need to attend the late orientation session. Students will NOT be allowed to begin classes unless they have provided proof of the bacterial Meningitis vaccine. UNT encourages all students to visit their physician before leaving their home country to seek advice about immunizations for communicable diseases. Americans typically receive immunizations for mumps, measles, rubella, and tuberculosis. For more information on these requirements please visit: www.healthcenter.unt.edu/immunization-requirements How to Provide Evidence of Immunization Download the \u201cBacterial Meningitis Immunization Record Form\u201d from www.healthcenter.unt.edu Contact your doctor to receive vaccination before you come to the U.S. Your doctor needs to fill our and sign the Student Section of \u201cBacterial Meningitis Immunizations Record.\u201d The document must be completed in English and must be easy to read. Mail or deliver the \u201cBacterial Meningitis Immunization Record Form: to UNT Student Health and Wellness Center.   Housing On-campus Housing    Residence Halls are a great choice for single students coming to study at UNT. We have 14 Residence Halls to choose from at different price points. All of the residence halls come with study areas, wireless internet, digital cable TV access, laundry rooms, vending areas, helpful staff and great opportunities for involvement and potential new friends. UNT Residence Halls are safe, inexpensive, and convenient for new students and provide opportunities to meet other UNT students. Some Residence Hall fees include a meal plan. Apply early because space is limited. Reserve a room on campus, view rooms, and apply online at www.unt.edu/housing. Most residence halls are located near the IELI Building (ISB Building). Request a room as soon as possible! For housing rates, hall and room types, and payment due dates, please refer to the UNT Housing web site: www.unt.edu/housing If you cancel your housing application without a 30-day notice, you will pay a penalty. Apartment or Flat    There are apartments available at varying prices in Denton and the surrounding area. Many apartments are within walking distance of UNT. Some will require transportation. UNT\u2019s free student bus routes go to most area apartments. However, students may need to buy a bicycle or a car if they choose an apartment off campus. UNT cannot locate or reserve an apartment for students in advance. UNT provides apartment/flat finding information, but cannot provide apartment-finding services. Students may be able to get assistance by contacting the student organization from their home country. See our Student Organizations Page. Students can also look for roommates or available rooms with other UNT students in apartments nearby here: https://offcampushousing.unt.edu/ There are numerous apartments in Denton as well as the surrounding area. Please utilize these websites: https://offcampushousing.unt.edu/ www.rent.com and www.apartmentfinder.com You might consider the following: Most apartments are NOT furnished You may need to pay additional expenses, like a deposit/or monthly fees for utilities (electricity, water, gas, internet, telephone). After an apartment contract is signed, there is a financial penalty for leaving earlier than the contract states. Therefore, UNT recommends that single students live in a UNT residence hall for the first semester. This gives students time to choose an apartment carefully and to look for roommates to share costs. Other Resources: The IELI Student Counselor can give you information about how to search for an apartment. Email ielistudentservices@unt.edu for assistance. Student from your country may be able to help you find an apartment and/or roommates.   If Your Plans Change If you cannot come to the IELI, contact IELI Admissions Advisor to update your I-20 by completing the IELI Update Request form. You can contact the Admissions Advisor at ieli@unt.edu. IELI Late Arrival Request IELI Update/Withdrawal Form Update Fees 1st update request within one year of original IELI application term is FREE. For any update within one year of original IELI term after the first update, you will need to pay the $25 Update Fee for each update. If you are wanting to come for an IELI term that is more than one year past your original application term, you must reapply to the IELI and pay the $75 Application Fee again. IELI Application Form IELI Fee Payment   Making Travel Plans You must arrive BEFORE the entry date listed on your I-20 (if you have an F-1 visa) or on your DS-2019 (if you have a J-1 visa). You may enter the U.S. no earlier than 30 days before the school reporting date. Arrival at DFW Airport in Texas    Free airport pick-up for new IELI students. If interested, please follow the steps below: Schedule your arrival time at DFW between 9 a.m. \u2013 5 p.m., on either Sunday or Monday prior to the IELI registration day (see calendar). Complete the \u201cAirport Pick-up\u201d form Submit form online by clicking \u201cSubmit by E-mail\u201d, or print out and send by fax. Fax: 940-565-4822, \u201cAttention: IELI airport pick-up request\u201d Important: The university cannot guarantee airport pick-up if you give a notice of less than one week. If you arrive outside of Airport Pickup times, you can reserve a shuttle to campus for $49. Super Shuttle offers discounted UNT student rates. You must use the group code for UNT: 3UPCM in order to receive the UNT student rates: (Note: rates are subject to change depending on ridership and fuel prices) Flight Delay or Cancellation:    If your flight is delayed or cancelled, or if you made arrangements with someone else to pick you up at the airport, please contact William Schuelke IMMEDIATELY. Email: william.schuelke@unt.edu Phone: 940-565-4127   Obtaining a Student Visa SEVIS Fee    You must pay a SEVIS fee to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) before your visa interview.  It must be received by DHS at least 3 of their working days before your visa interview. Please see the International Student and Scholar Services Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) page for further detailed information about how to pay the SEVIS fee and apply for a visa.                                Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.