(S'http://international.unt.edu/ieli/intensive-english-language-conversation-partner-program'
p1
V          Intensive English Language Conversation Partner Program | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   IELI Menu » Home »  Home Administration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar   Language & Culture Programs »  Language & Culture Programs Academic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training   Tuition & Fees »  Tuition & Fees Housing Rates UNT Meal Plans   Apply Now »  Apply Now How to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request   Student Services »  Student Services Airport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home    Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             IELI Menu  HomeAdministration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar  Language & Culture ProgramsAcademic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training  Tuition & FeesHousing Rates UNT Meal Plans  Apply NowHow to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request  Student ServicesAirport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home   Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International                     CONVERSATION PARTNER PROGRAMStudents in the Intensive English Language Institute (IELI) are encouraged to participate in the Conversation Partners Program. This program helps international students practice their English skills and learn about the American culture. Students discover this is a great way to make an American friend! Interested in joining? Click here VOLUNTEERS NEEDED! Volunteers engage individual IELI students, or small groups(up to 3) in discussions so that they gain practice in speaking English. These groups meet once a week throughout the IELI term. This is not a tutoring program, but volunteers help students discuss and learn about each other\u2019s cultures. The meetings can take place on campus, in group outings, or anywhere, at any convenient time. Volunteers discover this is a great way to make international friends! VOLUNTEER REQUIREMENTS Volunteers do not need to have foreign language abilities. IELI provides a short training session for new volunteers. We look for volunteers who are: native English speakers culturally sensitive comfortable leading group conversations able to meet weekly (and send reminder emails/texts to group) Interested in joining? Click here                             Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.