(S'http://international.unt.edu/ieli/international-student-advising'
p1
V          International Student Advising | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   IELI Menu » Home »  Home Administration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar   Language & Culture Programs »  Language & Culture Programs Academic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training   Tuition & Fees »  Tuition & Fees Housing Rates UNT Meal Plans   Apply Now »  Apply Now How to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request   Student Services »  Student Services Airport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home    Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             IELI Menu  HomeAdministration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar  Language & Culture ProgramsAcademic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training  Tuition & FeesHousing Rates UNT Meal Plans  Apply NowHow to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request  Student ServicesAirport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home   Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International                     ADVISING Intensive English Language Institute staff members understand that international students experience a lot of changes when attending to a new school in a new country.  Admissions & Academic Advising Academic advisors assist IELI students who are interested in applying for an academic program at a university within the U.S. Academic advisors help students: understand the application process check the application to ensure it is thoroughly completed prepare documents that are needed for the application process register for classes after the application has been processed Personal Advising The IELI Student Counselor is available to listen and help students with personal situations. IELI students may want to talk about missing home, roommate concerns, a speeding ticket, or another concern. The IELI Student Counselor will find the right way to handle these concerns. In addition, IELI helps students transition into their new life in Denton. During orientation week, new students attend a cultural session to learn about some of the challenges they can expect. Students may also visit a certified counselor in UNT\u2019s Counseling Center. This counseling service is free for students. IELI offers many services for students, in addition to advising. For a full list, see Student Services or contact the IELI Main Office.                           Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.