(S'http://international.unt.edu/ieli/frequently-asked-questions'
p1
V          Frequently Asked Questions | UNT International                                     Skip to main content               Home Quicklinks »  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now   IELI Menu » Home »  Home Administration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar   Language & Culture Programs »  Language & Culture Programs Academic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training   Tuition & Fees »  Tuition & Fees Housing Rates UNT Meal Plans   Apply Now »  Apply Now How to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request   Student Services »  Student Services Airport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home    Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International   China Advisory Council Menu »          Search form  Search                UNT International         MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now                Search form  Search                         University of North Texas UNT International             IELI Menu  HomeAdministration & Staff Faculty Marquis Hall Term Calendar  Language & Culture ProgramsAcademic English  American Culture and Communication Program Customized Programs Pathway Programs Pronunciation and Accent Reduction ITA Training Teacher Training  Tuition & FeesHousing Rates UNT Meal Plans  Apply NowHow to Apply Before You Arrive Late Arrival Request Update/Withdrawal Request  Student ServicesAirport Pick-Up Request Conversation Partners Advising Student Organizations UNT Home   Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us UNT International                     FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Can't find your question? Please contact the IELI Main Office at 1-940-565- 2003 or ielimainoffice@unt.edu. 1.  Can someone from IELI pick me up at the airport when I arrive in the United States? Most students arrive at DFW Airport, which is about 40 minutes from campus. New students may request transportation from the airport. 2.  When should I plan to arrive on the UNT campus in Denton, TX? Students must arrive on campus before the first day of orientation. Orientation is important and lasts 2 or 3 days. Students register, complete placement testing, attend academic and cultural sessions, and participate in social activities. During this week, IELI plans fun activities including a campus tour, shopping trips, and a welcome party. 3.  What does IELI tuition include? Each 8-week term includes: all hours of instruction at IELI textbooks and materials for your courses orientation session and advising student activities and field trips for IELI students access to IELI computer lab UNT fees to have access to libraries, health center, recreation center, computer labs, concerts, transportation on and around campus, and all of UNT services, and health insurance Tuition does not include housing or dining. 4.  Are all classes on campus? Yes. Classes are taught in Marquis Hall, centrally located on UNT\u2019s campus. 5.  Will other students in my class be at my same skill level? The IELI Academic English program has 7 levels. Students at the same level have similar skills and needs. 6.  I might need additional help with my studies. Does IELI provide this kind of help? IELI students have many opportunities to practice and receive help. Each week, instructors schedule time outside of class to help students. The IELI Multimedia Lab has additional resources for students. IELI instructors and staff provide additional help when needed. 7.  Will I have computer access after class? IELI students receive the same privileges as UNT students. Students have access to computer labs all over campus.  8.  What are the food choices on campus? Students have a wide selection of food options: healthy, vegetarian, hearty, etc. Food is available in 5 cafeterias, a food court, and several other on-campus locations. Meal plans are available. Students will find a variety of restaurants off-campus within walking distance as well. 9.  Where will I live? Students have many housing options including on campus housing and off campus apartments. Many options are within walking/biking distance. 10.  Do I need a car? No. Many students do not have a car. Instead, students use UNT and public buses for transportation for free.  11.  How do I get a driver\u2019s license?   To obtain a driver\u2019s license, drivers must pass a written exam, and provide certain documents. Drivers who are 24 years old and younger must complete a driver\u2019s education course.  12.  Where can I buy personal electronics, like a cell phone? Shopping areas located near campus sell electronics, clothing, and other personal items. IELI will plan shopping trips for students during Orientation week.                           Visit Us  Marquis Hall        1511 West Mulberry Street Marquis Hall, Room 105 Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us   University of North Texas       1155 Union Circle, #311067 Denton, TX 76203-5017 USA       Contact Us   940-565-2197 amanda.guccione@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links             
p2
t.