(S'http://financialaid.unt.edu/department-sponsored-scholarships'
p1
V    Department-sponsored Scholarships | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                         Search the UNT web site:       Skip to content    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                               Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                                   Home SFAS Basics College Costs Scholarships Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources          HomeDepartment-sponsored Scholarships  You can receive department-sponsored scholarshipA scholarship is a form of financial aid given to students to help pay for their education. Most scholarships are restricted to paying all or part of tuition expenses, though some scholarships also cover room and board. Scholarships are a form of gift aid and do not have to be repaid. Many scholarships are restricted to students in specific courses of study or with academic, athletic, or artistic talent. applications from the college, department, or school in which you plan to major. Application deadlines may vary. Please view the list below and click on the links to find the department of your major. Please note that departments administer their own scholarship processes for donor-funded scholarships. The department awarding the scholarship is always the first point of contact regarding any scholarship- related inquires. If there are questions that need assistance from Student Financial AidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work). and Scholarships (SFAS), the department will make contact with SFAS regarding the information needed. Once scholarship awards are made, the department notifies SFAS of the award, so that it can be posted to your student account. Our goal is to get awards processed within a week of the award notification from the department. However, if new awards have to be set up, it will affect the amount of time needed for an award to appear on your account.    College of Arts & Sciences  College of Business  College of Education  College of Engineering  College of Information College of Music  College of Merchandising, Hospitality and Tourism College of Health and Public Service College of Visual Arts and Design  Division of Equity and Diversity  Honors College Mayborn School of Journalism Student Affairs - NTDC Internship  Student Affairs - Parent Association  Student Government Association - Raupe Travel Grants Toulouse Graduate School University Relations, Communications & Marketing - Eagle Ambassadors  UNT International UNT Outreach  The Ronald McNair Scholars Program The Ronald E. McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement programs are designed to encourage low-incomeIncome is the amount of money received from employment (salary, wages, tips), profit from financial instruments (interest, dividends, capital gains), or other sources (welfare, disability, child support, taxable Social Security, and pensions)., first-generation, and/or underrepresented undergraduates to consider careers in college teaching as well as prepare for doctoral study.            Contact Us:        Student Financial Aid and Scholarships       1155 Union Circle #311370  Denton,        TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738  Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203  Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM,  Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?       Please contact us.                   financialaid@unt.edu             UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on          April 4, 2017        Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness        Select LanguageEnglishSpanish          
p2
t.