(S'http://financialaid.unt.edu/scholarships/external'
p1
V    External Scholarships and Resources | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                         Search the UNT web site:       Skip to content    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                               Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                                   Home SFAS Basics College Costs ScholarshipsApply for Scholarships How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Other Assistance - Waivers and Exemptions  Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources          Home » ScholarshipsExternal Scholarships and Resources  UNT students receiving a scholarshipA scholarship is a form of financial aid given to students to help pay for their education. Most scholarships are restricted to paying all or part of tuition expenses, though some scholarships also cover room and board. Scholarships are a form of gift aid and do not have to be repaid. Many scholarships are restricted to students in specific courses of study or with academic, athletic, or artistic talent. from an outside agency must notify Student Financial AidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work). & Scholarships (SFAS) to have the scholarship posted to the student\u2019s account.  Additionally, student recipients should contact donors directly if you are unable to meet the condition(s) of an award received (i.e. enrollment requirement, etc.). Donors may mail scholarship checks to:       University of North Texas      Student Financial Aid and Scholarships      1155 Union Circle #311370      Denton, TX 76203-5017 Donors should include the following information when funds are sent to UNT so that scholarship checks can be processed:  Make scholarship checks payable to the University of North Texas (UNT).  Checks should not be made payable to the student or to UNT and the student.  This creates an unnecessary delay in scholarship processing and keeps us from assisting the student efficiently.  Additionally, scholarship checks should not be sent directly to the student if they are to assist with educational related expenses.  Please include a communication with each check that includes the following:   Student Recipient\u2019s Full Name Student Recipient\u2019s UNT  ID and/or date of birth Guidance regarding with academic term(s) award should be applied to (i.e. fall, spring, summer) Information confirming is the award is a one-time payment or if it is renewable.  If renewable, please indicate when will additional funds be sent to UNT. Information confirming the award can pay all educational expenses (i.e. tuition/fees, room/board, books) Donor Contact Information (Organization Name, address and phone number)    Scholarship DisbursementDisbursement is the release of loan funds to the school for delivery to the borrower. The payment will be made co-payable to the student and the school. Loan funds are first credited to the student's account for payment of tuition and fees. Any excess funds are then paid to the student in cash or by check for the purpose of paying for other educational expenses. Scholarships are disbursed according to the term(s) specified by the Donor.  If the Donor does not indicate a disbursement schedule, UNT will use the following guidelines to process awards:  External scholarship checks for less than $300 will be applied to the term most closely associated with receipt of the funds. External scholarship checks for $300 or more will be split evenly between the Fall and the Spring if the student is enrolled during each term.    Adjustment of Awards  Awards received will be coordinated with other awards received for the current award periodThe academic semester for which financial aid is requested (or received)..  Once posted to your student account, receipt of late awards may cause other scholarships (awarded by UNT or other outside agencies) and other resources (federal, state and institutional financial aid) to be adjusted if you exceed the current cost of attendance at UNT, or exceed your \u201cneed\u201d for assistance as calculated by the FAFSA.  As always, your myUNT student account is your resource for viewing student award information. External scholarship recipients receive offers and are selected by agencies or committees outside UNT, and UNT is not responsible for establishing criteria or participating in the selection or notification of recipients. Please be aware:  A great deal of time can be spent researching external scholarships, and we encourage students to develop a focused plan to best utilize their time.  Students should visit with their academic advisor regarding organizations relevant to their major focus (i.e. national organizations based on discipline) so they can develop a smart search plan.  Narrowing the external scholarship search to a specific field and organization will enable students to focus on the most applicable opportunities. Most external organizations want to identify students with specific skill sets.  In turn, their marketing is focused on organizations that these students would most likely be involved with.  For example:  The national organization for UNT College of Education/KHPR Majors (Kinesiology/Health Promotion and Recreation) is AAHPERD:  American Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation and Dance.  In addition to a major-based national organizations, there is often a corresponding active state organization for many disciplines.  In reference to the previous example, the corresponding state organization in Texas is TAHPERD (Texas Association for Health, Physical Education, Recreation & Dance).  Listed below are organizations that provide additional information to assist students with searching for scholarships, as well as general college financial information.   Federal Student Aid - StudentAid.gov U.S. Department of Labor Scholarship Search UNT Student Money Management Center UNT Undocumented Student Resources      Accredited Schools Online: Scholarships and Financial Aid for Minority Students Adventures in Education Affordable Colleges Online: How Colleges Help Visually Impaired Students Succeed Affordable Colleges Online: Financial Aid for Minority Students College Board CollegeNET  College Toolkit FinAid.org Good Call Scholarship Search Engine Helping Students With Visual Impairments (Includes a list of scholarships opportunities) HighYa - The Money Hunt: Ins & Outs of Scholarship Scams How To Pay For Your MBA Military.com Minnie Stephens Piper Foundation ScholarshipHunter.com  As you explore for outside scholarships, please remember that you should never pay for a scholarship search.   Learn more about scholarship scams. *Disclaimers  The suggested search sites on this SFAS website are provided for informational purposes only. Inclusion in the listing does not constitute an endorsement by UNT. Neither SFAS nor UNT can guarantee the accuracy or the timeliness of information found at any of the links in the listing. It is critical that you verify the information, particularly where deadlines are concerned.             Contact Us:        Student Financial Aid and Scholarships       1155 Union Circle #311370  Denton,        TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738  Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203  Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM,  Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?       Please contact us.                   financialaid@unt.edu             UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on          April 4, 2017        Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness        Select LanguageEnglishSpanish          
p2
t.