(S'http://financialaid.unt.edu/online-general-scholarship-application-help'
p1
V    Online General Scholarship Application Help | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                         Search the UNT web site:       Skip to content    MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard Eagle Student Services Center People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                               Student Financial Aid and Scholarships                                   Home SFAS Basics College Costs ScholarshipsApply for Scholarships How to Check Your Scholarship Award Status Other Assistance - Waivers and Exemptions  Types of Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Helpful Resources          Home » ScholarshipsOnline General Scholarship Application Help  Below are a few tips to help you complete the General Scholarship Application. Sign In You must use the same EUID and password that you use to log into myUNT. Students new to UNT must first activate their EUID based on the information provided by UNT Admissions.  For help with your EUID and/or password, please visit the UNT Help Desk. General Application The General Application is only 20 questions.  You must answer all questions to be considered for scholarships. Help Text For additional information and clarification on most questions, click the gray circles. Applying to Scholarship Opportunities Once the 20 questions on the General Application are answered, you are automatically matched to scholarships for which you meet the criteria.  No other action is needed for these scholarships.  You will be presented with a list of UNT scholarship opportunities.  These scholarships may require additional information that is not included in the 20 question General Application. You are encouraged to click on each scholarship name to review the criteria.  We encourage you to apply for all scholarships where you meet the additional requirements. Providing References Not all scholarships require letters of recommendation.  If a recommendation is needed, you will be prompted to enter the individual\u2019s full name and email address.  It is an expectation that you respectfully request permission to use an individual as a reference PRIOR to entering their contact information.  Once the contact information is entered, an email is immediately sent to the individual with instructions for completing the recommendation.  Please encourage a timely response from your reference.  You will not be able to view the submitted recommendation, only that it has been received. Entering Essays Not all scholarships require an essay. If an essay is needed, you will be prompted with the essay subject and text area in which to enter your essay.  We encourage you to use word processing tools to confirm that your essay is grammatically accurate (spelling and punctuation).  You may preview the content of your essay to ensure that no unusual formatting occurs after copy/paste from another program. Imported UNT Information Once your General Application is completed, your UNT personal, contact and academic information is imported from the UNT\u2019s Enterprise Information System (EIS).  Please note: you cannot update the information on the application.   If you have concerns about the information in the imported fields, you must contact the appropriate cognizant authority to make any necessary updates (see below).  Personal Information Personal information (Name, DOB, Sex) A student can change personal information relevant to his or her permanent record in the Records area of the Registrar's Office. Identification is required for all changes, and legal documentation is required in some cases. Name Change: Most name changes are a result of marriage or other legal matter. To make an official name change a student must provide identification and legal documentation of the change. An example might be a marriage license or divorce decree. The Records department must make a copy of the original document before submitting the official change to the university. Contact Information (Address, Phone Number & Email Address) To change your contact information, fill out a change of records form at the Registrar's Office or call 940-565-2111.  In addition, most contact information can be changed online at myUNT.  Admissions Record (Undergraduate, Toulouse or International) High School data (name, GPA, rank, class size, percentile, SAT/ACT scores); Transfer data (attempted hours, cumulative GPA, last school attended, PTK membership); Graduate School data (last school attended, GMAT, GRE scores). This information is provided from your Admissions application.  Please ensure you have submitted official transcripts and test scores.  If you would like to verify the information, please contact the appropriate admissions office:  Undergraduate Admissions \u2013 940-565-2681 Toulouse Graduate School \u2013 940-565-2383  Academic Record (Undergraduate and Graduate) UNT hours, Total Hours, UNT cumulative GPA, Program and Grade Level The Student Academic Records area of the Registrar's Office handles all matters related to a student\u2019s permanent record at the University of North Texas. This includes official grades, original admissions documentation, grade changes, incomplete grade removals and the posting of transfer credit.  For more information or questions please feel free to call the Registrar\u2019s Office at (940) 565-2111. Financial AidMoney provided to the student and the family to help them pay for the student's education. Major forms of financial aid include gift aid (grants and scholarships) and self help aid (loans and work). Record FAFSA Application Date and EFC The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)The FAFSA is used to apply for Pell Grants and all other aid. Complete your FAFSA via web at www.fafsa.gov . As the name suggests, no fee is charged to file a FAFSA. Follow the directions carefully to ensure proper and efficient processing. is available after October 1 annually.  New and continuing UNT students are encouraged to complete the FASFA annually online at www.fafsa.gov.  UNT\u2019s school code is 003594.    The EFC is reported as 999999 if there is no application on file.  For questions about the FAFSA application, please contact SFAS at 940-565-2302 or email financialaid@unt.edu.             Contact Us:        Student Financial Aid and Scholarships       1155 Union Circle #311370  Denton,        TX 76203-5017 USA  Voice: 940-565-2302 Fax: 940-565-2738  Visit Us: Student Financial Aid & Scholarships 1147 Union Circle Eagle Student Services Center (ESSC), Rm 228 Denton, TX 76203  Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM,  Monday - Friday Extended hours information can be found here. http://financialaid.unt.edu/     Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues?       Please contact us.                   financialaid@unt.edu             UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on          April 4, 2017        Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy Statement | Web Accessibility Policy | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness        Select LanguageEnglishSpanish          
p2
t.