(S'http://it.unt.edu/it-catalog'
p1
V        IT Catalog of Services | University Information Technology                                              Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            IT Catalog of Services                      Sort by Department              - Any -IITS - Instructional IT Services, UITITUS - IT User Services, UITRITS - Research IT ServicesSSIT - Student Success IT, UITUIT - University IT                  Sort by Customer             - Any -EmployeesNetwork ManagerSalesforce UsersSalesforce Super-UsersStudents & EmployeesStudents, Employees, Visitors, AlumniVisitorsPublicUIT Staff              Academic Research Software License Distribution   Service Description: Provide individual license information and access for supported academic research applications Service Request: To request individual license information and access, click here or on the green button.  Services Included: Support the distribution of academic software license information and access for the following:EViews  |  JAWS  |  Lisrel  |  MAGic  |  Mathematica  |  Matlab  |  NVivo  |  SAS  |  SPSS  |  Stata Services Not Included: Instruction or support on individual software solutions. Service Response Time: Maximum of one business day for response to the original request. Available to: Students, employees Service Group: IT User Services   |   Service Team: Host Computing User Services   |   Manager: Jacob Flores Contact Information: 940-369-8232, jacob.flores@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 338G      Academic Server System Administration   Service Description: Administration of academic server systems Service Request: To request administration of servers and applications, click here or on the green button. Services Included: Administration of servers and software applications Services Not Included: Training Service Response Time: One business day from date of referral reciept from R&SS office.  Available to: UNT employees by referral only \u2013 UNT employees must be referred by a UIT Research and Statistical Support Services staff member. Service Group: IT User Services   |   Service Team: Host Computing and Licensing   |   Manager: Jacob Flores Contact Information: 940-369-8232, Jacob.Flores@unt.edu, Sage Hall 338G      Academic Software License Administration Services   Service Description: Server management and maintenance of information associated with academic software license administration, including server management, license information maintenance and associated documentation. Service Request: To request server management and information associated with academic software licenses, send an email to Jacob Flores, IT manager. Services Included: Support the management of software licenses and license servers. Services Not Included: Instruction in use of academic software. Service Response Time: Within one to two business days. Available to: Network managers, internal IT service managers Service Group: IT User Services   |   Service Team: Host Computing User Services   |   Manager: Jacob Flores Contact Information: 940-369-8232, Jacob.Flores@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 338G      Adaptive Computer Lab Services   Service Description: Provide access to adaptive computing technologies for students with special needs; respond to requests for speciality software installation or assistance with adaptive technology. Service Request: To learn what adaptive lab technologies are available, click here or on the green button. To access the adaptive technologies, please go to Sage Hall, Room 153.  Services Included: Adaptive computing resources, black-and-white pay-for-print printers, scanning stations Services Not Included: Color printing, adaptive testing environment Service Response Time: Open access lab. Hours of operation: Fall and Spring: Monday-Friday, 8 a.m.-5 p.m.   |   Summer: Monday-Friday, 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Available to: Students and employees Service Group: IT User Services   |   Service Team: UIT Help Desk   Website: Adaptive Computer Lab |   Manager: Sharukh Mithani Contact Information: 940-565-2324, helpdesk@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 233      Apple© Desktop, Server and Mobile Device Management   Service Description: Provide Apple© desktop, server and mobile management via the JAMF server/Casper Suite of comprehensive enterprise management software; provide consultations for Apple© desktop, server and mobile device management. Service Request: To request Apple© desktop, server and mobile management, send an email to UITDesktopServices@unt.edu. Services Included: Management services for Apple© desktops, servers and mobile devices Services Not Included: Hands-on configuration, installation on non-UIT devices. Service Response Time: New service requests and upgrades to existing services to be completed within two weeks of notification; emergency response is provided as soon as possible. Available to: IT Support Staff on campus \u2013 not an individual user service Service Group: Instructional IT Services   |   Service Team: UIT Desktop Services   |   Manager: Ray Banks Contact Information: 940-369-8233, Raymond.Banks@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 154      Benchmarks Online, IT News Journal   Service Description: Publication of Benchmarks Online, a periodic journal, produced on the 15th day of even numbered months and distributed to an email subscription list, online via social media and through UNT InHouse. Services include writing news and feature articles, providing photography in support of news stories, attending news events that are IT-related for publication in Benchmarks Online. Service Request:  1. To subscribe or opt out of Benchmarks Online, click here.  2. To submit a story idea, request photography services or publicity, send an email to the Benchmarks editor at least 10 business days prior to the publication date. 3. To view the publication dates, click here. 4. To follow UNT University IT on social media, click on an icon below and follow it to the UNT UIT account.            Services Not Included: Coverage of news, information or events that are not related to information technology or computing. Service Response Time: Dependent upon the request and urgency of the matter determined by the editor. Service Availability: Open to all \u2013 IT aficionados, professionals, members of the IT community Service Group:  University Information Technology   |   Service Team: UIT Communications   |   Manager: Monica Scott-Taliaferro, editor Contact Information: 940-565-4068, MonicaT@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 338K      Computer-Based Testing Services   Service Description: Consultation and configuration for online testing, services and security; IT support for the following four computer-based testing resources. Discovery Park computer classrooms, Mobile Laptop Testing Cart, UIT Instructional Workshop and Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center.   Service Request:  For Discovery Park computer classroom services, fill out this online form: service request/technical accommodations. For mobile-testing services, or to use the UIT Instructional Workshop in Sage Hall, Room 154, or reserve the Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center, Room 330C, complete the following three steps. 1. Check the online calendar2. Make a reservation using this link.3. Be sure to specify the needed service area: Mobile Laptop Testing, UIT Workshop, Room 154, or Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center, Room 330C.   Services Included: Support of mobile and online testing resources not assigned to UIT. Services Not Included: Proctors for exams and events using the Mobile Laptop Testing Unit are not always available. Reservations for UIT Discovery Park Computer classrooms are made through the UNT Office of the Registrar; exam-design consultation services provided by Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign. Service Response Time: New service requests to be completed within two weeks of request. Available to: Students and employees Service Group: Instructional IT Services   |   Service Team: Desktop Services  |  Sage Hall Testing Center web page   |   Manager: Position vacant; interim: Elizabeth Hinkle-Turner  Contact Information: 940-565-4808, Elizbeth Hinkle-Turner, Sage Hall, Room 338C, or or Ray Banks, Sage Hall, Room 154, 940-369-8233      Course-, Faculty-Evaluation Processing   Service Description: Computer-facilitated processing, consultation and design support for course- and faculty-evaluations that will capture the data specific to the customers' needs. Service Request: To request processing of a course and/or faculty evaluation, please click here or on the green button. Services Included: Computer-facilitated processing of course- and/or faculty-evaluations, which provide item means and frequencies for the overall department, instructor, course and section. Services Not Included: Creation of evaluation instrument. Service Response Time: Requests should be fulfilled within seven business days. Available to: UNT departments, faculty and staff and student employees. Service Group: Instructional IT Services   |   Service Team: Exam and Research Data Services   |   Manager: JoAnn Luksich Contact Information: 940-565-3887, Joann.Luksich@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 336      Exam-Grading with Analysis   Service Description: Computer-facilitated exam grading providing standard reports with student scores, incorrect responses, class frequency distribution, class statistics, item-analysis and item-statistics. Service Request: To request exam-grading with analysis, click here or on the green button.  Services Included: Computer-facilitated exam-grading and analysis of results Services Not Included: Test creation, pick up or delivery of exams. Service Response Time: Exams graded and analysis provided within a maximum of one day of request; target is within 30 minutes of request. Available to: UNT faculty, staff and student employees Service Group: Instructional IT Services   |   Service Team: Exam and Research Data Services   |   Manager: JoAnn Luksich Contact Information: 940-565-3887, JoAnn.Luksich@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 336      Help Desk Support Services   Service Description: Telephone, email, ticket-based requests for service, walk-in support and referral service for UNT IT-related issues: questions about account management system; EagleConnect Email System; information security; Blackboard Learn; MyUNT; LyndaCampus; wireless access; Eagle Alert messages and more. Service Request: Click here or on the green button to request assistance through the online ticket system.  Call: 940-565-2324  |   Check hours of telephone availability.Click: Online ticket   |   Email: helpdesk@unt.eduCome in: Sage Hall, Room 233   |   Check hours of operation online.  |   Walk-in customers are welcome! Services Included: Walk-in, telephone and email support for UNT IT-provided services. Services not included: Hardware service or inquiries not related to IT-related incidents, including routing of service requests not related to the IT-related incident; services to non-UNT users; group or corporatewide communications or notifications. Service Reponse Time: One business day; resolution is dependent upon urgency and impact of request. Available to: Students, employees, alumni and visitors Service Group: IT User Services   |   Service Team: UIT Help Desk   |   Manager: Sharukh Mithani Contact Information: 940-565-2324, helpdesk@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 233      High-Performance Computing Access   Service Description: Access to high-performance computing cluster systems for support of university research through computationally intensive LINUX-capable software. Service Request: Apply for an account here or click on the green button; log in for a research, academic or collaborator account. Or, you may send an email to hpc-admin@unt.edu. Services Included: High-performance computing access, scientific computing consultation and 3D printing. Services Not Included: Custom programming, research data management. Service Response Time: One business day response \u2013 fulfillment is dependent upon the nature of the request. Available to: Faculty or currently enrolled, qualified student at UNT with additional requirements to use some resources; student access must be sponsored by a UNT faculty member. Open to post-doctoral students, research fellows, visiting scholars and collaborators sponsored by a UNT faculty-level principal investigator. Service Group: Research IT Services   |   Service Team: High-Performance Computing Services   |   Manager: DaMiri Young Contact Information: 940-369-7066, hpc-admin@unt.edu, General Academic Building, Room 535      Instructional Resource Access Control, Checkin Services   Service Description: Online instructional resource to Checkin, an instructional resource access management system, to process users in/out of a resource  Service Request: To access online help for Checkin, v. 5, click here or on the green button. Address questions and/or comments to Richard Sanzone, Checkin project manager. Services Included: Support of access management infrastructure Services Not Included: Client/workstation installation Service Response Time: Dependent upon the scope and urgency of the request. Available to: UNT network managers, general access lab managers Service Group: IT User Services   |   Service Team: IT User Services   |   Manager: Richard Sanzone Contact Information: 940-369-7695, sanzone@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 338D      Microcomputer Maintenance Services   Service Description: Supports UNT-owned microcomputers that are less than six years old for UNT faculty and staff by providing expertise and services to maintain existing microcomputer equipment and assist with the selection and purchase of new computers and upgrade hardware. Additional services: battery disposal, certifiable hardware disposal (degaussing), microcomputer upgrades, website posts of warranty alerts, graphics and video support information, technical and troubleshooting tips. Service Request: To request repair of UNT-owned Macintosh and Windows desktop and laptop computers that are six years old or fewer, or for assistance with the selection of a new computer or an upgrade, contact the MMS Shop: call, click or come in. Call: 940-565-2324   |   8 a.m.-5 p.m., Monday through Friday Click: ServiceNow to create a service ticket or email: mmstech@unt.edu Come in: Sage Hall, Room 233   |   8 a.m.-5 p.m., Monday through Friday   |   Walk-in customers are welcome! Services Not Included: Service for printers, personal devices; personal digital assistants, iPods, iPads, and data projectors are not supported nor is any UNT-owned hardware that is older than six years. Service Response Time: Response within one business day; fulfillment is dependent upon parts availability and complexity of the request. Available to: Employees, network managers, UNT business units and IT internal service managers Service Group: IT User Services   |   Service Team: Microcomputer Maintenance Services Shop   |   Manager: Sharukh Mithani Contact Information: 940-565-2324, Sharukh Mithani, Sage Hall, Room 233      PaperCut© Print-Management Services   Service Description: Configuration changes, and/or consultation for the PaperCut© print-management system. Service Request: To install PaperCut© or make configuration changes, please view the online manual, or contact Richard Sanzone, IT User Services. Services Included: PaperCut© Print Management Services: installation and configuration of printer object in PaperCut to allow Web Print functionality.  Consultation on implementing the PaperCut service.   Services Not Included: Printer/device hardware support Service Response Time: One business day Available to: Network managers and staff Service Group: IT User Services   |   Service Team: IT User Services   |   Manager: Richard Sanzone Contact Information: 940-369-7695, sanzone@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 338D      Research Projects \u2013 Data Entry   Service Description: Provide computer-facilitated research-data entry specific to the customer's needs. Request a Service: To request research data entry, click here or on the green button. Services Included: Computer-facilitated entry of research data Services Not Included: Survey instrument creation, consultation or statistical support. Service Response Time: Maximum of seven business days. Available to: UNT departments, faculty, staff and students Service Group: Instructional IT Services   |   Service Team: Exam and Research Data Services   |   Manager: JoAnn Luksich Contact Information: 940-565-3887, Joann.Luksich@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 336      Salesforce Configuration, Customization   Service Description: Cloud-based configuration, customization, consulting, technical and managed service for Salesforce implementation at UNT  Service Information: To request cloud-based configuration, software customization, technical or managed service for Salesforce software or a consultation, click here or on the green button. Services Included: Technical support for existing business units and new campus partners, working with functional leads to transform and develop new requirements into design and implementation. Services Not Included: Data entry. Service Response Time: Usually one business day \u2013 resolution is dependent upon the complexity of the request. Available to: UNT Business Units, Salesforce users Service Group: Student Success IT Services   |   Service Team: Student Success IT Services   |   Manager: Jennifer Lee Contact Information: 940-369-6038, Jennifer.Lee@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 338E      Salesforce-User Account Services      Service Description: Timely establishment and maintenance of Salesforce accounts that are requested by authorized users. Service Request:Note: Only pre-designated Salesforce super-users may use this service. Choose from the following list of online services. 1. Establish a new account and provide access for an advisor/CRM-user2. Update an existing account for an advisor/CRM-user3. Remove access to an account for an advisor/CRM-user   Instructions also are available online.   Services Included: Computer-based account servicing to ensure access, updates and security. Services Not Included: Any not previously described. Service Response Time: \u200bOne business day. Available to: UNT Salesforce super-users Service Group: Student Success Technology   |   Service Team: Student Success Technology  |   Manager: Jennifer Lee Contact Information: 940-369-6038, Jennifer.Lee@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 338E         Salesforce-User Help Desk   Service Description: Support for IT issues, service requests and account management related to Salesforce CRM software use. Service Request: To request support for Salesforce-related IT issues and account management, click here or on the green button. Services Included: Walk-in, email, phone and user-ticket support for Salesforce software-related issues. Services Not Included: Data entry Service Response Time: Usually one business day \u2013 resolution is dependent upon the complexity of the request. Available to: Salesforce software users, UNT business units using Salesforce CRM Service Group: Student Success Technology   |   Service Team: Student Success Technology  |   Manager: Jennifer Lee Contact Information: 940-369-6038, Jennifer.Lee@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 338E      Salesforce-User Training   Service Description: Provide Salesforce-related training upon request or based on learning needs analysis Service Information: To request Salesforce-related training, please click here or on the green button. Services Included: Salesforce software-user training. Services Not Included: Computer literacy issues. Service Response Time: One business day. Available to: UNT Salesforce users, UNT business units using Salesforce CRM Service Group: Student Success Technology   |   Service Team: Student Success Technology   |   Manager: Jennifer Lee Contact Information: 940-369-6038, Jennifer.Lee@unt.edu, AdvisingCRMSupport@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 338E      Scannable Form Design   Service Description: Consultation and design services for the creation of surveys to accurately capture the data desired. Request a service: To request custom design of an optical scan survey form, click here or on the green button. Services Included: The design of surveys for computer-facilitated optical scanning to provide a comprehensive data collection for analysis. Services Not Included: Creation of survey instrument or questions. Service Response Time: Within seven business days of receipt of request. Available to: UNT departments, faculty, staff and student employees. Service Group: Instructional IT Services   |   Service Team: Exam and Research Data Services   |   Manager: JoAnn Luksich Contact Information: 940-565-3887, Joann.Luksich@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 336      Statistical Analysis Consultation   Service Description:  Support services on data acquisition and statistical analysis for UNT faculty and students; multiple face-to-face meetings, each lasting more than an hour, each involving one or more party writing on a dry-erase board, and often using an internet-connected computer as well. Service Request: To request support for data, software applications, application training materials, or methodological trends, please read the Research and Statistical Support website.After reading the R&SS frequently asked questions, click here or on the green button for a consultation. Services Included: Help with statistical techniques for data analysis; instructional services, data support and survey support; consultations. Services Not Included: Programming or analysis production service as a consultation-only service. Service Response Time: Within five business days. Available to: A diverse range of clients, including undergraduate \u2013 typically Honors College and Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science students, graduate students working on theses or dissertations, faculty members, and various elements of the administration, e.g., development of measures for assessing student engagement, consulting with the UNT Office of Data, Analytics and Institutional Research, etc. Service Group: Research IT Services   |   Service Team: Research & Statistical Support Services   |   Manager: Richard Herrington Contact Information: 940-565-4066, Richard.Herrington@unt.edu or Jonathan.Starkweather@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 336      Technology Tour   Service Description: Downloadable summary presentation of UNT-provided information technology services, information and resources. Service Request: 1. For Undergraduate Students: Download the Technology Tour #1 with narration. (Microsoft© Powerpoint, .ppsx, 15MB \u2022 Narration text, Microsoft© Office, .docx, 147KB) 2. For Faculty, Employees, Graduate and Doctoral Students: Download the Technology Tour #2 with narration(Microsoft© PowerPoint, ppsx, 17MB \u2022 Narration text, Microsoft© Office, .docx, 160KB) 3. Online Tech Tour:  To take the online Tech Tour, click here. For help with IT-related issues, call, click or come in.Call: 940-565-2324  |   Check hours of telephone availability.Click: Online ticket   |   Email: helpdesk@unt.eduCome in: Sage Hall, Room 233   |   8 a.m.-8 p.m., Monday through Friday   |   Walk-in customers are welcome! Services Included: Walk-in, telephone and email support for UNT-provided IT services. Services not included: The Help Desk does not support requests for hardware service or inquiries not related to IT-related incidents, including routing of service requests not related to the IT-related incident; services to non-UNT users; group or corporatewide communications or notifications. Service Reponse Time: This presentation may be downloaded 24/7. Available to: Students, employees, alumni and visitors Service Group: IT User Services   |   Service Team: UIT Help Desk   |   Online Tech Tour   |   Manager: Sharukh Mithani Contact Information: 940-565-2324, helpdesk@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 233      UNT Bulk Email   Service Description: The UNT Bulk Mail System allows designated individuals to send bulk email to students at UNT. It is designed to better facilitate the distribution of important information to UNT students by allowing targeted mailings by student classification or UNT major, department or college. All UNT students are automatically provided an EagleConnect account for receiving university email messages. Service Information: Visit the UNT Bulk Mail System website, then login to proceed. Services Included: UNT Bulk Mail allows designated individuals to send bulk email to UNT students. Services Not Included: Messages to custom lists or individual students are not supported. Service Response Time: Messages are delivered via the UNT Bulk Email System every half hour, but delivery may take as many as two hours to reach all UNT students. Available to: UNT employees Service Group: IT User Services   |   Service Team: UNT Bulk Mail Administrator   |   Manager: Philip Baczewski Contact Information: 940-565-3886, baczewski@unt.edu, Sage Hall, Room 338                          Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.