(S'http://it.unt.edu/adaptivelab'
p1
V          Adaptive Computer Lab, Sage Hall | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   ITUS Menu » ITUS Home Page Adaptive Computer Lab Adaptive Computer Lab Features Adaptive Computer Lab Software List Host Computing User Services Microcomputer Maintenance & Support Services MMS Shop Alerts UIT Help Desk          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Adaptive Computer Lab, Sage Hall         ITUS Menu  ITUS Home Page Adaptive Computer Lab Adaptive Computer Lab Features Adaptive Computer Lab Software List Host Computing User Services Microcomputer Maintenance & Support Services MMS Shop Alerts UIT Help Desk      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!        The Sage Hall Adaptive Computer Lab is part of the UNT Student Computer Lab Network and managed by University Information Technology's IT User Services office. Located in Sage Hall, Room 153, the adaptive lab provides accommodations for students who require specialized technology.  This specially fitted adaptive lab provides general services to the UNT community with an emphasis on unique features provided by the University Information Technology Department. Managed by the IT User Services Division of UIT, the lab serves as the designated lab on campus that provides state-of-the-art adaptive equipment.   The Adaptive Computer Lab features are described online. For more information about adaptive services available for students at the UNT campus, please visit the Office of Disability Accommodation, located in Sage Hall, Room 167. The UIT Adaptive Lab provides consultants to help all patrons with their computing needs. More than a friendly face at the door, our consultants can answer questions about the Windows and Macintosh operating systems, Microsoft© Office as well as scanning and compact disk-burning needs. Lab assistants are available 60 hours per week and are trained to provide guidance and instruction on adaptive hardware and software. For advanced help with statistical research visit the Research and Statistical Support office in Sage Hall, Room 336, and ask to see an R&SS consultant after you have read the information on the R&SS website. The UIT Adaptive Computer Lab is part of the UNT Student Computer Labs, SCL, Network. Please visit the UNT SCL website to see other labs in the UNT network. Adaptive Computer Lab Hours Fall and Spring:  Monday-Friday, 8 a.m.-5 p.m.   |   Summer:  Monday-Friday, 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Telephone: 940-565-3048   |   Email: helpdesk@unt.edu   |   Location: Sage Hall, Room 153 Do you have a great idea about information technology? Let us know! Submit your idea today!                           Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.