(S'http://it.unt.edu/hardware-software-info'
p1
V          Hardware, Software Info | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   Help Desk Menu » UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Student Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for Employees »  Resources for Employees Resources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors   Report an Issue  »  Report an Issue  View Your IT Ticket   Information Security \u2013 UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Hardware, Software Info         Help Desk Menu  UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Student Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for EmployeesResources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors  Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket  Information Security \u2013 UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!      UNT Student Discounts on Hardware Students can purchase computer hardware with educational discounts through agreements with UNT and certain vendors. UNT Denton Main Campus Location  "The Mainframe" Apple-authorized campus store is located in the University Union. For more information, you may email the store: themainframe@unt.edu.  Online Locations Apple Online Store   |   HP Education Sales  HP Purchase Program  |   Dell UNT Store for Education   |   LenovoInformation about Computer Purchase for Personal Use For most students, the "education student specials" offered by retail and online vendors will be adequate for Windows or Mac users.   Recommended minimum hardware configuration includes  8 GB RAM / 250 GB hard drive,   Microsoft Office, installed or accessible via the cloud, plus   virus-protection software.  UNT Student Discounts on Software   McAfee VirusScan - FREE!  McAfee VirusScan is available at no cost to UNT students. Download it from Information Security.   Microsoft® Office - FREE!  Your Office 365 Pro Plus EagleConnect account entitles you to receive five copies of Microsoft Office for your desktop and mobile devices at no cost! For instructions on downloading and installing Office, please see: Install Microsoft© Office 365 on Desktop and Mobile.   UNT Official Bookstore - The UNT official bookstore is affiliated with Barnes and Noble and located on the first floor of the University Union. Check the Barnes and Noble at UNT bookstore's website for information about education discounts on hardware and software.                           Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.