(S'http://it.unt.edu/test'
p1
V          Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   IITS  Menu » IITS Home UIT Desktop Services UIT Desktop Services at Discovery Park Exam and Research Data Services »  Exam and Research Data Services Exam and Research Data Services Self-Service Ticket System   Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home »  Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home      Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Calendar Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Make a Reservation Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Hours, Guidelines Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Support Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Available Technology Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Security            Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center         IITS  Menu  IITS Home UIT Desktop Services UIT Desktop Services at Discovery Park Exam and Research Data Services Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home     Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Calendar Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Make a Reservation Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Hours, Guidelines Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Support Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Available Technology Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Security       About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!      Our Mission and Purpose The Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center is available for courses that require computerized testing in support of distance, blended or face-to-face classes. Assessment and testing are cornerstones of academic success. The University of North Texas is developing several new strategies to support faculty in the assessment of student learning. The center provides the opportunity for secure, high stakes computer-based testing of larger groups of students. While computer-based testing in labs previously has been available at UNT, the Sage Hall center provides UNT\u2019s larger courses with robust opportunities for assessment.   The Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center is an active support partnership of Instructional Information Technology Services, the Center for Learning Enhancement and Redesign, and the Office of the Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs. Location Information The Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center is located in Sage Hall, Room 330C, near the elevator. The center has four rooms of the following sizes. Room 331, 39 stations Room 333, 24 stations Room 334, 36 stations Room 335, 36 stations Note: 135 stations are available. Room assignments are determined by the reservation manager. Important Note: Only professors or their representative staff members may make reservations. Reservations and FAQs Time Requirement: Should your test require custom configuration of the testing center computers, please make an appointment with our technical manager at least one week before the testing event to verify that the setup is correct. Setup Responsibility: It is the instructor's responsibility to verify that the computer setup is as they require for their testing event. Center Availability: To view the testing center's calendar for available reservation times, please check the calendar.  If the time slot you want to request is unavailable due to a prior reservation, please proceed with your request, so it can be reviewed based on the priority described in the General Guidelines. Technology in Use: Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center Available Technology Security: Testing Center Security Information Hours of Operation and Guidelines: Hours and General Guidelines Request a Reservation To request a reservation in the Sage Hall Testing Center, please click here and login with your EUID and password. Contacts and Inquiries For the testing center's reservation times/request, room availabilities, use and/or other general inquiries, please contact Elizabeth Hinkle-Turner at ehinkle@unt.edu or 940-565-4808. For testing center technical inquiries, please contact the Testing Center Help Desk at tc-helpdesk@unt.edu or 940-369-6051. Feedback: Have you used our Testing Center facility?  Do you have service suggestion to offer?  Help us grow by completing this survey.  Do you have a great idea about information technology? Let us know! Submit your idea today!  - For additional testing opportunities, such as the GED test and other paper-based testing, please see the offerings from UNT Counseling and Testing Services at Chestnut Hall.  - If you are a non-UNT student who needs to take an exam for your college, university or training program, that service is provided by the UNT Counseling and Testing Services department.                              Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.