(S'http://it.unt.edu/itservices'
p1
V          IT Services at UNT | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   Help Desk Menu » UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Student Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for Employees »  Resources for Employees Resources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors   Report an Issue  »  Report an Issue  View Your IT Ticket   Information Security \u2013 UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            IT Services at UNT         Help Desk Menu  UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Student Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for EmployeesResources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors  Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket  Information Security \u2013 UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!      Information technology services are many and varied at the University of North Texas. The following information provides a brief overview. Three Major Support Providers Several organizations provide IT services, depending upon the scope and nature of the service.  Services are provided basically at three levels. 1. UNT System IT Shared Services  Shared IT infrastructure and applications for system-wide use 2. University Information Technology UNT specific, unique applications and services that are available university wide: UIT Catalog of IT Services 3. Local IT Support Groups  Desktop services or discipline-specific applications for UNT college or departmental use IT Services Matrix: Use this link to see how IT Services are delivered. UIT Service Catalog: View UIT provided services and additional contact information. Whether seeking a unique computer-testing configuration, a department IT point of contact or repairs for a UNT-owned computer, you will find a professional team that is ready to provide technical expertise, support and resources. Please find some of those resources below, through the links in the left-hand menu and at the top of the page. Contact the UIT Help Desk for further assistance.  Instructional Information Technology Services   Administrative Information Technology Services   Classroom Support Services   Microcomputer Maintenance Services  Local IT Support: Use this link to find your local IT support contact. Report an issue or request services from your local IT.                          Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.