(S'http://it.unt.edu/wireless'
p1
V          Wireless Networks at UNT | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   Help Desk Menu » UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Student Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for Employees »  Resources for Employees Resources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors   Report an Issue  »  Report an Issue  View Your IT Ticket   Information Security \u2013 UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Wireless Networks at UNT         Help Desk Menu  UIT Help Desk Home Page Help Desk Frequently Asked Questions EagleConnect Email System EagleConnect Frequently Asked Questions Drupal User Group Help Desk Questions? Search the Knowledge Base Take the Student Tech Tour Lynda.com Information and Login Resources for EmployeesResources for Retirees Resources for Students Resources for Graduate Students Resources for University Visitors  Report an Issue View Your IT Ticket  Information Security \u2013 UNT System Free and Legal Downloads Help Desk Survey of Service      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!       UNT offers several methods of connecting to the wireless network (source). The wireless connections also are discussed on Stop #7 of the Student Tech Tour. UNT Network - Secure Network (Preferred) Eduroam - Secure Network allowing students, faculty, and staff to access wireless networks at participating Universities. Eaglenet - Open Network \u2013 This system is scheduled to be phased out in 2016 and its use is no longer recommended. ResNet - Only for UNT Housing residents.  UNT Wireless Configuration The UNT network offers two main benefits over Eaglenet. First, the UNT network has increased security providing encryption. Second, it avoids going through a log-in portal to access the wireless network. Windows:  Setup Instructions. Mac OS X:  Setup Instructions Password Characters The UNT network does not allow either a percent sign, "%," or question mark, "?," in the password field. If you have either of those in your UNT password, you will need to set a new password online through the Account Management System: ams.unt.edu. Eduroam Wireless Configuration Eduroam allows UNT students, faculty, and staff to connect to wireless networks at other participating Universities using UNT Credentials. While you may see the Eduroam network name on campus, it is recommended that UNT students, faculty, and staff use either the Eaglenet or UNT SSID. Set-up Instructions and Additional Information Eduroam Support The UIT Help Desk supports UNT students, faculty, and staff with access to Eduroam. We advise you verify Eduroam connectivity before leaving UNT and traveling to a participating university. If you are visiting UNT from another university, your first point of contact will be the university's Help Desk. Help Desk Support The UIT Help Desk helps UNT students, faculty, staff, retirees and visitors connect to the wireless network on non-UNT computers. Call!  940-565-2324   |   Click!   HelpDesk@unt.edu   |   Online Help Desk   |   Come by!  Sage Hall, Room 233 Note to Employees: If you are a faculty or staff member having difficulty making a connection to a wireless network on a UNT-owned device, please contact your organization's IT representative: UNT Distributed IT Support Group List. NOTE: The UIT Help Desk can provide limited support in connecting your device to the UNT wireless system. If it is determined that the nature of the issue is beyond our support capabilites, the Help Desk technician may refer users to seek a professional computer support company, as personal computer support is not provided.                          Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.