(S'http://it.unt.edu/adaptive-computer-lab-features-sage-hall'
p1
V          Adaptive Computer Lab Features, Sage Hall | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   ITUS Menu » ITUS Home Page Adaptive Computer Lab Adaptive Computer Lab Features Adaptive Computer Lab Software List Host Computing User Services Microcomputer Maintenance & Support Services MMS Shop Alerts UIT Help Desk          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Adaptive Computer Lab Features, Sage Hall         ITUS Menu  ITUS Home Page Adaptive Computer Lab Adaptive Computer Lab Features Adaptive Computer Lab Software List Host Computing User Services Microcomputer Maintenance & Support Services MMS Shop Alerts UIT Help Desk      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!      Learn here about the features of the Adaptive Computer Lab. Specialized software, hardware, adjustable tables and isolation rooms are available. Should you have any questions, contact the UIT Help Desk. Telephone: 940-565-2324  Email: helpdesk@unt.edu   |   Website:  Help Desk OnlineHelp Desk:  Sage Hall, Room 233   |   Adaptive Lab: Sage Hall, Room 153 Software  JAWS    JAWSforWindows:  Job Access With Speech, often called JAWS, is a screen-reading software for blind and/or vision-impared users. The software can output text to speech or to a Braille display/keyboard, such as those in the Sage Hall isolation room. Availability: On all lab stations. Windows only.   MAGic    MAGic: A screen magnification & contrast software. It also enhances user-interface elements such as cursors, mouse pointer and color. Availability: On all lab stations. Windows only.   NVDA    NonVisual Desktop Access is s an open-source, free screen-reading software for the blind that is similar to JAWSfor Windows, but also keep tracks of mouse travels. It also can output to a Braille display/keyboard. Availability: On all lab stations. Windows only.   Kurzweil Firefly    Firefly by Kurzweil Education is a text-to-speech Web application for reading documents. It is accessible through this link. Users must login to use the application. The UNT Office of Disability Accommodation has provided the ACS Lab with an account for users without their own. Firefly accepts Microsoft Word file formats, PDF, and plain text files. Availability: On all lab stations. Windows or Mac (via the Web browser). Use the isolation rooms to use computer speakers. Use head phones outside of the isolation rooms.   Kurzweil 3000    Kurzweil 3000 is a text-to-speech application can be interpreted as a much more fully featured Kurzweil Firefly. While Firefly can only read acceptable document/file formats, Kurzweil 3000 can create, convert and read those file formats. This software offers the ability to convert digital documents, such as PDFs, into the .KES file format, a format that only Kurzweil products, such as 3000 or Firefly, could read. Users will have to login in order to use this app. The UNT Office of Disability Accommodation has  provided the ACS Lab with an account that can be used to access this software. Availability: Windows in the isolation rooms, Mac soon.   Dragon Naturally Speaking    Dragon Naturally Speaking is a speech-recognition software that translates the user's voice into commands or text in a document. This software requires the user to speak aloud, so a microphone or headset is required. Availability: In the isolation rooms. Windows only. Headsets are available upon request.   Dragon Dictate    Dragon Dictate is a software that translates your voice into commands or text in a document. This software requires the user to speak aloud, so a microphone or headset is required. Availability: In the isolation rooms. Mac OS X only. Headsets are available upon request.   Mac OS X Offerings   Many of the software we have on Windows also comes built into the Mac operating system. Please ask the lab manager for assistance or further information.   Hardware  Braille Embosser/Printer    Braille Embosser/Printer is a device capable of printing documents in Braille. The device can be used only with a software called iBPrint. It can convert text-based documents into a Braille document. Availability: In the isolation rooms, Windows Only. Please ask the lab manager for assistance.   Braille Display/Keyboard    Braille Display/Keyboard is a device capable of displaying user-interface elements into Braille and is used with the JAWS software on Windows. Availability: In the isolation rooms, Windows Only. Please ask lab manager for assistance.    Other Resources  Height-Adjustable Tables   Four tables in the lab and two in the isolation rooms are height adjustable to accommodate wheelchair access. Please ask the lab staff for assistance.  Isolation Rooms   UNT Isolation Lab Rooms are available for students with adaptive needs. Each room is equipped with a single-station iMac, scanner, sound-enabled speakers, a universal serial bus, USB and a microphone.                              Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.