(S'http://it.unt.edu/mms'
p1
V          Microcomputer Maintenance Services | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   ITUS Menu » ITUS Home Page Adaptive Computer Lab Adaptive Computer Lab Features Adaptive Computer Lab Software List Host Computing User Services Microcomputer Maintenance & Support Services MMS Shop Alerts UIT Help Desk          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Microcomputer Maintenance Services         ITUS Menu  ITUS Home Page Adaptive Computer Lab Adaptive Computer Lab Features Adaptive Computer Lab Software List Host Computing User Services Microcomputer Maintenance & Support Services MMS Shop Alerts UIT Help Desk      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!         Welcome to the UIT MMS Shop!  We moved! Find us now in Sage Hall, Room 233. General Support Information: The Microcomputer Maintenance Services team supports only UNT-owned computers. MMS will coordinate with vendors to provide in-warranty hardware services or facilitate out-of-warranty hardware repairs (at an additional cost). Call, click or come by!   940-565-2324   |   Submit a Request   |   Email   |   Sage Hall, Room 233, 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Please refer to the detailed contact information for more about shipping, parking and technical staff members. TeamManager: Sharukh Mithani   |   Technicians: Bryce Fite, Bobby Kim, Sergio Turrubiartes and Max Quimbly Other Hardware Not supported by MMS: Printers, iPods, iPads, iPhones, data projectors, hand-held devices, and out of warranty hardware. Warranty Service      \u2022 All UNT-computer purchases are required to include the purchase of at least a three-year hardware warranty.      \u2022 While the computer is under warranty, repairs will be facilitated by the MMS Shop at no additional charge.      \u2022 After the warranty expires, MMS will help facilitate repairs with the vendor. Departments will be responsible for all costs associated with out-of-warranty repairs provided by vendors.       \u2022 Peripherals, such as monitors, keyboards, speakers and mice, are included in the warranty of the computer with which they were originally purchased.      \u2022 Consumable supplies, such as batteries, have limited warranties. For example, most notebook batteries are under warranty only for one year. Departments are responsible for ordering their own batteries after the warranty expires. Out of Warranty Service MMS does not support hardware that is out of warranty. However, MMS can assist with facilitating service between vendors/commerical repair services and the UNT department that owns the equipment. Departments will be responsible for all costs associated with out-of-warranty repair service.  Additional Important Information   Additional Services   Alerts for Warranty Information   Technical and Troubleshooting Tips   Computer Purchase Information   Graphics and Video Support Information                          Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.