(S'http://it.unt.edu/uitdesktopservices'
p1
V          Desktop Services | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   IITS  Menu » IITS Home UIT Desktop Services UIT Desktop Services at Discovery Park Exam and Research Data Services »  Exam and Research Data Services Exam and Research Data Services Self-Service Ticket System   Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home »  Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home      Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Calendar Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Make a Reservation Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Hours, Guidelines Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Support Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Available Technology Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Security            Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Desktop Services         IITS  Menu  IITS Home UIT Desktop Services UIT Desktop Services at Discovery Park Exam and Research Data Services Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!         Welcome to UIT Desktop Services!  The Desktop Services office, a division of Instructional IT Services and University Information Technology, supports the goals of the university by facilitating a technical environment that enhances learning, research and testing through the use of technology.   We provide technical management for the Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center. For contact and scheduling information, contact the Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center. The Desktop Services office also manages the four Discovery Park collaborative technology classrooms.  To schedule a class, please contact the Office of the Registrar.    Desktop Services team members are available to demonstrate how to use the classroom and ensure all test environments are set up to the specifications of the instructor.  The UIT Desktop Services area includes the following.     Discovery Park Classrooms and Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center: Desktop support and consultations     Collaborative Computing Space: Desktop support and consultations     JAMF Software: Desktop and laptop management, mobile device, iOS management, server management and consultations     Laptop Cart:  Online-testing support     Microsoft System Center Configuration Management: Desktop/laptop management and consultations     Sage Hall Adaptive Computer Lab: Desktop support and consultations     Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center Security Cameras: Monitoring     UIT Staff: For desktop support, server support and consultations, use ServiceNow.       Submit a ticket through ServiceNow.  log in with your EUID and password,   select the "request a service" option,   enter the required information, order the service,   then logout.       Zabbix Open Source Monitoring: Server monitoring   Office Hours: Monday-Friday   |   8 a.m.-5 p.m. Locations: Sage Hall, Room 154 Email: UITDesktopServices@unt.edu   |   Phone: 940-369-6051 Meet the Desktop Services staff.                               Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.