(S'http://it.unt.edu/sage-hall-testing-center-hours-guidelines'
p1
V          Sage Hall Testing Center Hours, Guidelines | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   IITS  Menu » IITS Home UIT Desktop Services UIT Desktop Services at Discovery Park Exam and Research Data Services »  Exam and Research Data Services Exam and Research Data Services Self-Service Ticket System   Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home »  Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home      Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Calendar Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Make a Reservation Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Hours, Guidelines Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Support Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Available Technology Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Security            Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Sage Hall Testing Center Hours, Guidelines         IITS  Menu  IITS Home UIT Desktop Services UIT Desktop Services at Discovery Park Exam and Research Data Services Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home     Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Calendar Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Make a Reservation Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Hours, Guidelines Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Support Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Available Technology Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Security       About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!      Hours Reservation scheduling is as follows.   Mondays - Thursdays 8 a.m. - 9:30 p.m. Fridays 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Saturdays 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sundays Closed  Reservations are available to administer drop-in testing Monday through Friday.Block of Time for Drop-ins: Faculty must reserve a block of time during which students may drop in to take a test.  8 a.m. - 5 p.m.*   *A block of time must be reserved by faculty in advance for the center to administer tests to students who wish to drop in to the testing center during the reserved block of time: The center may be reserved for drop-in testing from Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., in Sage Hall, Room 333.  At any time the drop-in testing room becomes unavailable, which is usually due to meeting the maximum capacity requested by a reservation, there will be an entry on the calendar to indicate the unavailable times. Professors are encouraged to work with their students to see the availability of the drop-in testing room at least a few days prior to visiting the Sage Hall Computer Testing Center.    Computers available for drop-in testing periods that have been reserved by faculty include the following standard configuration. Microsoft Windows 7 64-bit  7-Zip  Adobe Reader X  Aleks 3.18  Certiport Testing Suite  Internet Explorer 9  MS Office 2010 32-bit (as per Microsoft recommendation; all plugins are not compatible with 64-bit office 2010)  Respondus LockDown Browser  Please note that proctoring is not provided by the testing center staff.  General Guidelines and Procedures No food or beverages are allowed in the lab at any time. Request Form: Testing hours and all testing requests should be scheduled at least two weeks in advance by using the request form.  Though priority is generally given on a first-come/first-served basis there are also some basic priorities as follows:   Large classes (traditional lecture and online-only) that are not likely to have viable alternative testing venues are given top priority. Blended classes without good alternative testing venues are given second priority.   Testing needs, such as placement, START, TRIO, etc., that contribute to the university goal of providing a superior undergraduate education \u2013 especially to historically disadvantaged groups, will be given priority especially during summer orientation sessions.  Smaller classes that can test concurrently in the center with other smaller classes will be accommodated as feasible; it is understood that these classes may be able to test online in alternative smaller venues on campus.   NOTE: All faculty and departments interested in utilizing the center are strongly encouraged to fill out the testing request form and consult with appropriate IITS personnel; we will try to accommodate as many needs as feasible and possible. Users should carefully confirm on their reservations what technologies, applications, and features will be needed for their testing session(s).  It is also recommended that an appointment time is set prior to the reservation to test the computer configurations. All faculty and departments using the Sage Hall Testing Center are expected to consult the Registrar\u2019s Office in order to effectively follow all rules and guidelines regarding scheduling and announcing testing dates, places and times in their syllabi and catalog publications.                         Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.