(S'http://it.unt.edu/sage-hall-testing-center-technology-available'
p1
V          Sage Hall Testing Center: Technology Available | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   IITS  Menu » IITS Home UIT Desktop Services UIT Desktop Services at Discovery Park Exam and Research Data Services »  Exam and Research Data Services Exam and Research Data Services Self-Service Ticket System   Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home »  Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home      Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Calendar Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Make a Reservation Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Hours, Guidelines Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Support Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Available Technology Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Security            Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Sage Hall Testing Center: Technology Available         IITS  Menu  IITS Home UIT Desktop Services UIT Desktop Services at Discovery Park Exam and Research Data Services Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home     Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Calendar Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Make a Reservation Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Hours, Guidelines Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Support Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Available Technology Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Security       About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!       The Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center reception area is on the third floor of Sage Hall in Room C330. The center has four testing rooms of following sizes.  Room 331, 39 stations  Room 333, 24 stations  Room 334, 36 stations  Room 335, 36 stations Note: 135 stations are available. Room assignments are determined by the reservation manager. The Windows desktops have the following configuration.  Dell OptiPlex 3030 All-In-One (Intel Core i5 3GHz, 8GB RAM)   Windows 10 64-bit OS   iCheckin self-service login client   Blackboard support web browsers (Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox & Google Chrome)   Adobe Acrobat XI Professional   SSH & SCP clients   VLC video player   7-Zip archive tool   Microsoft Office 2016  For specific software, please ask us. Machines are optimized for testing with the UNT Blackboard Learn system. Machine configuration for a variety of testing technology scenarios and needs usually can be accommodated with appropriate advanced notice and consultation with our technical manager.  If technical requirements are to be made, professors and/or their representing staff should confirm their reservations carefully to include what technologies, applications and features will be needed for each testing session. It is the instructor's responsibility to verify that the computer setup is as they require for their testing event. Instructors are strongly recommended to contact us prior to each event to test the computer configuration.  Appointment? Click here to set an appointment time with our technical manager. Note: The testing center rooms have been optimized for secure testing with security cameras. The facility may not be suitable for other activities, such as training sessions or classes except on a highly specialized basis. Potential users are invited to visit the facility first before requesting the center for non-testing activities.   Testing activities always receive the highest priority in scheduling for the center.                         Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.