(S'http://it.unt.edu/sage-hall-testing-center-security'
p1
V          Sage Hall Testing Center Security | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   IITS  Menu » IITS Home UIT Desktop Services UIT Desktop Services at Discovery Park Exam and Research Data Services »  Exam and Research Data Services Exam and Research Data Services Self-Service Ticket System   Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home »  Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home      Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Calendar Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Make a Reservation Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Hours, Guidelines Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Support Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Available Technology Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Security            Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Sage Hall Testing Center Security         IITS  Menu  IITS Home UIT Desktop Services UIT Desktop Services at Discovery Park Exam and Research Data Services Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Home     Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Calendar Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Make a Reservation Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Hours, Guidelines Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Support Sage Hall Computer Testing Center: Available Technology Sage Hall Computer Testing Center Security       About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!      Security: Camera systems providing a 360-degree-view have been added to the Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center and several classrooms at Discovery Park to help ensure secure testing. The project was completed in the summer of 2016 in response to faculty requests for an expanded camera configuration.   These camera systems use more than 40 cameras, each with a wide 115-degree angle of view. The cameras are placed strategically to ensure full coverage of every student and every screen. The cameras are Foscam C1 720P IP cameras.  The server setup powering the cameras has the following specifications. Dell PowerEdge R230 Quad-Core Intel® Xeon @ 3.6GHz 4x400GB Solid State Drives in a RAID5 configuration Dual-network & dual-powered for redundancy and failover efficiency   Testing center staff members continuously monitor the camera feeds on numerous screens throughout exam times.  Camera footage is stored digitally and can be reviewed as needed, should a question arise.  Secure-Testing Tools: The staff of UNT's Center for Learning Enhancement, Assessment, and Redesign, CLEAR, will assist faculty in the development and use of secure-testing tools, such as Blackboard features and Respondus lockdown browser. Members of the CLEAR team will assist in the explanation to faculty/staff testing stakeholders, the importance of testing security and the providing of appropriate proctoring personnel. Faculty and staff utilizing the Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center are expected to learn how to use secure-testing tools for testing center exams. All tests in the center will be assumed to have those security controls in place, such as lockdown browser, a cell phone policy, etc., unless alternative technical arrangements have been made in advance by faculty or staff administering the testing.   IMPORTANT: All persons and departments using the Sage Hall Computer-Based Testing Center are responsible for providing their own testing assistants and proctors.  Additionally, faculty and staff are responsible for developing and thoroughly documenting and explaining to their affected students the policies regarding cell phone use and abuse, presentation of ID cards, and other possible cheating practices and outcomes. Cell phone signal jamming or scrambling is NOT provided. Individual machine-based security cameras is NOT provided. If you have any questions about the Sage Hall CBTC, please contact Elizabeth Hinkle-Turner, director, instructional IT services.                         Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.