(S'http://hpc.unt.edu/'
p1
V       UIT High-Performance Computing | Enabling BIG Research                                 Skip to main content              Quick Links  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT            Search form  Search                         UIT High-Performance Computing           Main menuHomeAboutArticlesSoftwareUser InfoCluster InfoPoliciesHelpAbout UIT                                                 Get Started      Apply for an Account Logging In & Transferring Files About HPC Services Available Software            Get Work Done      Compute Nodes: Information about Talon3's compute nodes File Storage: homedir, scratch2, and WOS Slurm - Queuing System Guide:  helpful SLURM commands Automated Submission: "run" script Module Command:  How to change your environment Batch Cluster Information: Why does HPC need a batch system? How to Cite UNT's HPC Services:          Help      Consulting Email hpc-admin@unt.edu Password Reset FAQs          New Features      Forums RSS Software Updater Software Request Form 3D Print Request Form                                                        Sign-In        User is not a member of any group.                                  Articles                        Article Filter             How-tosNewsNews UpdateReportsStorageTips & TricksResearch HighlightsTalon 2.0               Talon3 launch    HPC Community, We are excited that we are close to launching Talon3! A select group of users is currently beta testing the new cluster. We anticipate launching Talon3 early next week pending feedback from testing. As such I wanted to ensure you were aware of a few items:   Read more about Talon3 launch       Talon3 Scientific Software    Research Community, We are in the process of porting Scientific Software packages to Talon3. To help us prioritize installations, please take a moment to view the 10 most used packages: https://hpc.unt.edu/survey-talon3-software   Read more about Talon3 Scientific Software       Talon2 online    Hi HPC Community, Talon2 is back online and compute services have been resumed. All jobs that were suspended appear to have resumed correctly. As always, please notify us immediately if anything looks out of place. Please note that we are still solving the Lustre Metadata high-availability issue. Lustre is extremely robust but this issue could cause loss of redundancy. However, we feel the risk of this is low enough that we can safely resume  service.  A few more updates:   Read more about Talon2 online       Talon2 Maintenance status    Research Community, Good news and not so good news.. Good news: We have completed the required maintenance and can see all compute nodes connected in the new fabric. We are essentially ready to restore service. Not so good news:   Read more about Talon2 Maintenance status       Talon2 Maintenance status    Hi, In regards to the scheduled maintenance.. Unfortunately we encountered a few unforeseen issues that set us back yesterday. However, we are about 80% complete with the work needed in order to restore services. We are fairly confident that Talon2 will be back online this afternoon/evening. Please standby for updates.. To give a scope of the work already accomplished: - > 200 fiber cables were individually prepared and labeled - > 100 fiber cables had to be untangled, sorted, and tested   Read more about Talon2 Maintenance status       Beginning Maintenance on Talon2    Research Community, Momentarily we will begin maintenance on the Infiniband infrastructure that you were notified of last Tuesday.  The maintenance is required in order to finalize the upgrade to Talon3.  Therefore, shortly Talon2 (talon2.acs.unt.edu) will temporarily taken offline to perform the maintenance. Compute services will be unavailable until Wednesday afternoon January 25, 2017.  As always, please message hpc-admin@unt.edu if you have any concerns or questions.    Read more about Beginning Maintenance on Talon2       Talon2 Maintenance    HPC Research Community, Next Monday January 23, 2017, we plan to perform crucial maintenance on the Infiniband infrastructure that supports high speed communication on Talon2.  The maintenance is required in order to finalize the upgrade to Talon3. Unfortunately Talon2 and it's Infiniband network must be temporarily taken offline to perform the maintenance. Compute services will be unavailable from Monday morning on January 23, 2017 until Wednesday afternoon January 25, 2017.    Read more about Talon2 Maintenance       Talon 3.0 Upgrade Plan    HPC Community, UIT HPC Services is in the final stages of preparing to upgrade the Talon 2.0 HPC system to Talon 3.0.  This upgrade will result in additional computational capacity while minimizing, as much as possible,  complete interruption of HPC service. However, during the next two months of November and December, expect operations to continue with degraded compute capacity. This will likely increase queue wait times for submitted jobs.   Read more about Talon 3.0 Upgrade Plan       Talon 3.0 Upgrade Plan    HPC Community, UIT HPC Services is in the final stages of preparing to upgrade the Talon 2.0 HPC system to Talon 3.0.  This upgrade will result in additional computational capacity while minimizing, as much as possible,  complete interruption of HPC service. However, during the next two months of November and December, expect operations to continue with degraded compute capacity. This will likely increase queue wait times for submitted jobs.   Read more about Talon 3.0 Upgrade Plan       Storage Upgrade: DDN SFA770X    The UNT HPC team has deployed another high-speed parallel filesystem affectionately named scratch2. It is running Lustre 2.5.2 on a DDN SFA7700X storage appliance. The SFA7700X is a hybrid flash storage appliance, purpose-built for Big Data requirements that enables our researchers to continue solving bigger problems. This filesystem has 1.4PB total available and can sustain speeds of up to 10GB/s over FDR Infiniband. For more info see: http://www.ddn.com/products/lustre-file-system-exascaler/ Tags: NewsStorage   Read more about Storage Upgrade: DDN SFA770XLog in to post comments     Pages12next \u203alast »                                       Visit Us  GAB 535  225 S. Avenue Denton, TX 76201         Mail Us  University Information Technology  1155 Union Circle #310709  Denton, Texas 76203         Contact Us  hpc-admin@unt.edu              Site last updated on: Feburary 15th, 2016 Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy  | Web Accessibility | State of Texas Online | Emergency Preparedness | THECB Online Resume System                
p2
t.