(S'http://identityguide.unt.edu/build-your-project/web-email-social-media/seo'
p1
V         Search Engine Best Practices (SEO) | Identity Guide                    Skip to main content              Quick Links  MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT            Search form  Search                         Identity Guide               HOME UnderstandOUR BRAND TellOUR STORY CreateOUR LOOK BuildYOUR PROJECT DownloadBRAND TOOLKITS Need Help?CONTACT US                Search Engine Best Practices (SEO)         In this section     Brand Policy Brand Approvals Web, Email & Social MediaWeb Templates & Required Elements Accessibility Requirements Search Engine Best Practices (SEO) Electronic Marketing via Email, Social Media & the Web Social Media Guidelines  Stationery Signs & Banners Licensed Products & Promotional Items Co-Branding      Request Brand Approval     Get a project quote        Search Engine Best Practices (SEO)       We can spend all of our time creating beautifully crafted messaging and images. But if people can\u2019t find us or the information they\u2019re looking for, we\u2019re wasting our energy. Most people enter our site through a search engine. They\u2019re looking for an answer to a specific question, and Search Engine Optimization (SEO) helps us be one of the first to answer that question (by being at the top of the search engine rankings) and to best answer their question by providing the most accurate response to their query.   After launching a new website, it's important to let the major search engines know that it exists so they can index it. The simplest way to make sure this happens is to submit your website directly to the search engines:   Submit your website to Google  Submit your website to Bing and Yahoo!    Writing with keywords   Speaking the language of your audience is key. And answering people\u2019s questions quickly and efficiently means that we should write our text and structure our pages around the keywords or phrases that people use in their search queries. The most important step in SEO is choosing the keywords that people actually use. There are a number of tools that can be used to identify these. Once the keywords for a page are selected, they should be strategically located so that search engines, as well as viewers, understand their importance: by their location, frequency and density.   Each page should concentrate on one or two keywords or key phrases so pages don\u2019t compete with one another.   Internal SEO factors   Search engines crawl a website for the most important keywords, weighting some locations more than others. The most important keywords for a page should be in the strategic locations that provide the most value for search engines, including (in order of importance):     URLs    Title tags    Header (H1) and subheader (H2) tags    Links    Body copy    File names for documents    Although they\u2019re not used in ranking a page, using keywords in the description tags, ALT texts and keyword metadata also can improve the user\u2019s experience by helping them find the right information on a page. The description tag should also be attractive so viewers will want to click on your page rather than the other pages in the search results.   External SEO factors   Search engines also use a number of factors in addition to keyword placement to rank pages in their search results, including:   Social clout: links, mentions, etc., on social media sites  History: time that a page or pages that redirect to it have been online  Popularity: links to and from other reputable sites, number of visits  User experience: bounce rate, average time on page  Rich content: presence of photos, videos and interactive elements  Update frequency: how often a page\u2019s content is updated    As search engines are continuing to evolve, it\u2019s becoming more critical to not only use best practices for structuring a page, but also to provide the best user experience possible to be at the top of their list. Our information should be both efficient to help people quickly find what they are looking for and effective to encourage them to engage with us.                                    Visit Us  University Service Building 2310 N. I-35E  Denton, TX 76205              Mail Us  University Relations, Communications & Marketing 1155 Union Circle #311070 Denton, Texas 76203-5017         Contact Us  940-565-2108 urcm@unt.edu                                            Site last updated on   Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home               
p2
t.