(S'http://it.unt.edu/techtour4'
p1
V          Student Tech Tour, Stop #4: Online, Blended Learning | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   UIT Tech Tour Menu » 1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Student Tech Tour, Stop #4: Online, Blended Learning         UIT Tech Tour Menu  1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!       Here, on your fourth stop of the Student Tech Tour, you will learn about the university's electronic campus and learning platfrom: online.UNT.edu, formerly called eCampus, and Blackboard Learn. Online courses are regular university courses in which a majority of the classroom instruction is replaced with instruction in a web-based learning environment. In an online course, students login to a virtual classroom called Blackboard Learn, to complete lessons and other activities your instructor has developed.  Communications with your instructor and classmates take place using a combination of email, text-based discussion forums, and live text or voice-based chats.  Assessments and assignments generally are completed and submitted in the virtual classroom.   Blended Learning:  Not all online courses take place 100 percent in the online environment. Some courses blend online instruction and activities with on-campus class meetings.   Online Enrollment:  Most online courses follow the academic calendar, beginning and ending with the semester. The accelerated online master\u2019s courses allow you to progress at your own pace with flexible eight-week courses and five available start dates annually. Who Can Take Online Courses?  Any UNT student can take an online course. The university offers approximately 1,000 online course sections during each long semester. Online Degree Programs: Many of the online degree programs are offered completely online including two undergraduate completion programs and two accelerated master\u2019s degree programs. How to Register and Prepare for an Online Course Search for courses by keyword or browse by semester: access Online.UNT.edu and search for course information, prerequisites, instructor, number of class meetings \u2013 if any, course objectives, textbooks, and any technical requirements beyond those you would normally need for any online course. Register for online courses: login to MyUNT and click on "Student Center/Registration" link. The Student Center portion of the page has links to add a class, drop a class, search for classes, pay tuition and more. Online Class Schedule: The academic/registration calendar, class schedule information by semester, schedule of classes by department, and final exam schedules can be found at http://essc.unt.edu/registrar/schedule/scheduleclass.html.  You will find online courses on the course schedule with the designation INET. Be sure to watch for any required class meeting dates and locations and note them on your calendar! The Schedule of Classes for the Accelerated Online Program can be found at http://essc.unt.edu/registrar/AOP/scheduleclassaop.html.  Accelerated Online Program classes are restricted to students admitted to the accelerated online program. \u200b Blackboard Learn is a virtual learning platform where online courses take place. NOTE: Blackboard Learn also is used concurrently with in-person, lecture courses that are not taught online, e.g., for professor-student communication, posting of announcements, assignments and/or grades, and for posting course content. To become familiar with Blackboard Learn, login to https://learn.unt.edu and look for the Blackboard Student Orientation in your course list.  For videos and help getting started, visit Blackboard\u2019s On Demand Learning Center for Students and Blackboard\u2019s Official Help Site.  UNT offers Blackboard Mobile Learn, which enables you to keep up with your classes through your iPhone, iPad, Android, or Blackberry device. No need to purchase an app! We did that for you! Learn more at: https://bbsupport.unt.edu/MobileLearn For help logging in to Blackboard Learn or with other technical issues, contact the UIT Help Desk.  Browser checker: Check online for supported browsers and operating systems for Blackboard Learn. You may have the Help Desk contact information in your phone by now; if not, add it now! Help Desk Contact Information Call:  940-565-2324   |  Email: helpdesk@unt.edu   Online: Help Desk Home Page  |  Come by:  Sage Hall, Room 233 <<< Return to beginning of tour   |   Next stop on the tour >>> Please participate in the Help Desk Client Feedback Survey.                         Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.