(S'http://it.unt.edu/techtour5'
p1
V          Student Tech Tour, Stop #5: Computer Labs | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   UIT Tech Tour Menu » 1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Student Tech Tour, Stop #5: Computer Labs         UIT Tech Tour Menu  1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!       Where are all the labs on campus? Your fifth stop on the Student Tech Tour is about the 14 computer labs that are located at the main campus, Discovery Park and the Dallas campus. Hours vary during special seasons, such as holidays, spring break and summer, so check the UNT Student Computer Labs website to ensure the availability of the lab you plan to use. NOTE: The one lab on campus that is well known for being open 24 hours a day, seven days a week is Willis Library lab, but even the Willis Library Lab sometimes closes or adopts special hours. It is best to check lab availability ahead of time as you plan big projects or homework around special times of the year.  Students may check the seat availability online. Student Computer Lab Hours   |   Student Computer Lab Locations   |   Student Computer Lab Seat Availability   |   Adaptive Computer Lab IMPORTANT:  A valid UNT student identification card is needed to access all UNT computer labs. Do not forget your ID! Following are a few facts about the student computer labs. The university has 14 computer labs at the main campus, Discovery Park, and the Dallas Campus Windows and Apple Macintosh computers with Microsoft® Office are in each lab General hardware and software available include web browsers, DVD burners and scanners The Adaptive Technologies Computer Lab is in Sage Hall, Room 154, Office of Disability Accommodation Laser printing is available in the labs: printing information; Web Print Services In addition to meeting the general academic needs of all UNT students, each lab provides discipline-specific software and resources to fulfill the unique academic requirements of the students within the supporting school or college. The Willis Library lab is open 24/7 during most of the year, and many others are open until midnight. For the winter, spring and summer breaks, it is advisable to check for special hours in advance. <<< Return to beginning of tour   |   Next stop on the tour >>> Please participate in the Help Desk Client Feedback Survey.                         Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.