(S'http://it.unt.edu/techtour7'
p1
V          Student Tech Tour, Stop #7: Wireless Connections | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   UIT Tech Tour Menu » 1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Student Tech Tour, Stop #7: Wireless Connections         UIT Tech Tour Menu  1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!          Stop #7:  Here you will learn about four methods to connect to a wireless network: EagleNet, UNT, EduRoam and ResNet. 1. Eaglenet: An open network in all academic and service buildings and general areas, but not recommended. 2. UNT Network:  Secure (802.1x authentication and AES encryption) and preferred. The UNT network provides access to campus academic resources and the Internet. It provides a secure connection over the air at all UNT locations and will work the same at all locations once configured on your device. This one is recommended. 3. EduRoam: Education Roaming, also called EduRoam, is secure with 802.1x authentication and AES encryption; provides access to some local resources and the Internet. It also authenticates visiting students, researchers, faculty, and staff with their credentials from their respective institutions worldwide.  FYI: Students, staff and faculty can use their UNT credentials at other universities and educational sites.  4. ResNet:  Wireless connectivity, called ResNet, in the UNT residence halls is provided by Apogee, a provider of on-campus residential networks in higher education.  UNT Network or Eaglenet?  The UNT network offers two main benefits over Eaglenet. The UNT network has increased security providing encryption. It does not require a login portal to access the wireless network. Help Desk Assistance: The UIT Help Desk website has information about the wireless networks available at UNT. That information includes how to get started with Eaglenet and UNT wireless services with easy-to-follow configuration instructions. NOTE: Students may not connect their own wireless network-serving devices to the University of North Texas and Resnet networks. The Network Connection Policy is available at https://policy.unt.edu/policydesc/network-connections-policy-3-11. For more information on the wireless networks available at UNT and UNT System institutions see UNT System Wireless Networking. <<< Return to beginning of tour   |   Next stop on the tour >>> Please participate in the Help Desk Client Feedback Survey.                         Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.