(S'http://it.unt.edu/techtour9'
p1
V          Student Tech Tour, Stop #9: Copyright Law, IT and You | University Information Technology                                         Skip to main content               Home  Main menu » Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology   UIT Tech Tour Menu » 1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources          Search form  Search                University Information Technology          MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People Maps Calendars Apply Now         Search form  Search                         University Information Technology              Main menu  Home About UIT IT User Services Instructional IT Services Research IT Services Student Success Technology                            Student Tech Tour, Stop #9: Copyright Law, IT and You         UIT Tech Tour Menu  1. Help Desk Information 2. Account Management System, EagleConnect 3. myUNT, EagleAlert, Ask UNT 4. Online, Blended Learning 5. Student Computer Labs 6. Securing Your Data: Backing It Up 7. Wireless Connections 8. Wireless Connections for Residence Halls 9. Copyright Law, IT and You 10. Legal Downloads, Entertainment 11. Discounts on Hardware, Software 12. More IT Resources      About UIT   Overview \u2022 UIT Phone Directory   \u2022 IT User Services    \u2022 Instructional IT Services    \u2022 Research IT Services   \u2022 Student Success Technology   \u2022 UIT Leadership, Staff Directory UNT History of Computing Benchmarks Online, News JournalBenchmarks Online Archives Social media & more!         This is an especially important stop. Please, pay close attention to avoid potentially serious legal complications. Copyright is a form of protection provided by the laws of the United States, 17 U.S.C., to the authors of \u201coriginal works of authorship,\u201d including literary, dramatic, musical, artistic and certain other intellectual works. Copyright infringement means unauthorized use of copyrighted material in a manner that violates the copyright owner\u2019s exclusive rights, as provided by law. This includes distributing, reproducing, performing or displaying protected pieces of work. A person found guilty of copyright infringement stands to face a steep fine for damages and profits, as well as potential jail time, depending on the severity of the infraction.  The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of a copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, is investigated by the FBI and is punishable by fines and federal imprisonment. Bottom Line: Anyone who makes unauthorized use of copyrighted material in a manner that violates the copyright owner\u2019s exclusive rights (except for the limitations and exemptions described in the UNT policy) is committing copyright infringement and may be subject to civil and criminal penalties as well as disciplinary action by UNT.   Unsure? If you are unsure whether something is protected by a copyright, chances are it probably is. With the help of some simple principles, and a bit of responsible research, you will be able to save yourself from breaching copyright law. Err on the side of caution. Know the policies, the law and fair use. Policy:  Copyright compliance policy at UNT, Policy Manual #08.001, Copyright Compliance. UNT System Resource: Extensive information about general and UNT-specific policies about this subject are located at security.untsystem.edu. UNT Copyright Website: The UNT Copyright Resources copyright.unt.edu site provides the UNT community with information about copyright law and resources to help people make good decisions when utilizing copyrighted material. External Resource: An excellent online resource for federal copyright law and advice on \u2018fair use\u2019 and educational copyright practices can be found at: http://fairuse.stanford.edu/, The Stanford Copyright and Fair Use Center. Make sure to check out the Charts and Tools area. Fair Use: The Center for Social Media maintains a page addressing all sorts of questions with regard to Fair Use and Copyright law. You can watch their latest videos here. Chilling Effects: To understand more about copyright infringement see, http://www.chillingeffects.org/piracy/faq.cgi.  <<< Return to beginning of tour   |   Next stop on the tour >>> Please participate in the Help Desk Client Feedback Survey.                          Visit Us  Sage Hall        1167 Union Circle Room 336 Denton, TX 76203         Mail Us   1155 Union Circle #310709 Denton, TX 76203-5017       Contact Us   Main: 940-369-6029 | Help Desk: 940-565-2324 | Testing Center: 940-369-8665 unt.UIT@unt.edu; HelpDesk@unt.edu Technical issues?                  Site last updated on May 05, 2017  Disclaimer| AA/EOE/ADA| Privacy| Electronic Accessibility| State of Texas Online| Emergency Preparedness| THECB Online Resume System Student Consumer Information| UNT Compliance Hotline| Governors Committee on People with Disabilities| Texas Veterans Portal| UNT Home     Site last updated on May 05, 2017 | Important Links           
p2
t.