(S'http://bbsupport.unt.edu/lynda'
p1
V     Lynda.com Blackboard Integration | Blackboard Faculty Support                     Skip to content   MyUNT EagleConnect Blackboard People & Departments Maps Calendars Giving to UNT                              Blackboard Faculty Support                         Home New FeaturesNew for Spring 2015 New for Spring 2014 New for Fall 2013 New for Summer 2013   Faculty ResourcesStart of Semester Tasks Technical Requirements Supported Technologies Blackboard Policies Mobile Learn Workshops FAQs Guides and Tips Lynda.com Integration Zip Code Survey   CONTACT USSupported Technologies Helpdesk Information Instructional Consultants   System StatusOutage Calendar Scheduled Maintenance System Status Updates   Suggestions          HomeLynda.com Blackboard Integration    What is Lynda.com? Lynda.com is a leading online learning platform that helps people learn business, software, technology and creative skills to achieve personal and professional goals. Through the University of North Texas subscription, UNT students and employees have access to the Lynda.com video library of engaging, top-quality courses taught by recognized industry experts. An integration with Blackboard enables instructors to link directly to Lynda.com content in their courses. Prior to linking any Lynda.com content into your Blackboard course you must authenticate your account. Instructions to authenticate your UNT account with Lynda.com can be found here: http://it.unt.edu/lynda  If you are unable to get logged into Lynda.com at this point please contact the UIT Helpdesk at 940-565-2324. Linking to Lynda.com Materials in Blackboard In order to link Lynda.com materials to your Blackboard course, you will create a playlist.  Navigate to your course where you want to add your Lynda.com playlist. From the Build Content menu select the Web Link option.    Enter a name for the link in the Name blank. Enter this URL in the blank provided: https://www.lynda.com/portal/lti/playlist Place a check-mark in the checkbox for This link is a Tool Provider. Click Submit.    Click the new link you have created. This will launch your Lynda.com account.    From this screen you can create new playlists or select from playlists you have already created to link to your course site. (See the next section Creating Playlists for detailed instructions or click the Take the Guided Tour link to the left of Create a new playlist in Lynda.com in order to view a brief video.)    Once you have selected playlists, you can return to your course and test your new playlist link.     Creating Playlists To complete the process of using lynda.com videos in a Blackboard course, you need to create a playlist, add videos to the playlist, and link the playlist to the LMS (i.e., your Blackboard course). Do the following:  Log in to Lynda.com Select Playlists from the drop down menu next to your name.    Click Create new Playlist. Enter the Name as you would like it to appear in your My Playlist listing. Enter a Description if desired. Click Create to save your Playlist.   Now that you have created a blank playlist, you will need to search for videos to add to it.  Scroll down and enter a word or phrase into the \u201cAdd to your playlist\u201d search box. When you have found a video you would like to add to your playlist, click the + symbol to the right of the video title. Continue this process until you have added all of the videos you want to include in your playlist.   NOTE: If you like, you can select a subset of video lessons. If you only want particular videos in the playlist, you will need to \u201cedit the playlist\u201d to remove the unwanted video lessons, see below: Editing a Playlist  Select the playlist you want to edit. Click Edit Playlist to enter the playlist. Select the small drop down arrow to the left of the course name to expand the course components. Click each \u201c-\u201d minus-sign for a video you want to remove from your \u201ccustomized\u201d course. (HINT: lynda.com automatically saves your changes.) Continue this process until you have finished editing your playlist.   IMPORTANT: You must test this using the \u201cStudent Preview\u201d feature, otherwise, clicking the link will launch you right back into your account.                  Contact Us:      Blackboard Faculty Support     Mon - Thurs: 8am - 9pm Fri: 8am \u2013 5pm Sat: 11am \u2013 3pm Sun: Closed clearhelp@unt.edu , 940-369-7394      https://bbsupport.unt.edu/              Email us: Have questions on content or technical issues? Please contact us. clearhelp@unt.edu               UNT System:  UNT Home UNT System UNT Dallas UNT Health Science Center               Site last updated on February 21, 2017  Disclaimer |        AA/EOE/ADA |        Privacy Statement |        Web Accessibility Policy |        State of Texas Online |        Emergency Preparedness                
p2
t.