(S'http://www.unt.edu/policy/UNT_Policy/volume2/3_10'
p1
V                Welcome to UNT Policy Office! | University Policy Office                                             Skip to main content          University Policy Office   Menu                    Call us Email Us UNT Map  HomeFAQPolicy manualResourcesPolicy updatesAbout the Policy OfficePopular linksBackApply NowTake a TourGet More InfoTalk with UsGet SocialFor Parents               University Policy Office      Search form  Search    Search          MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map UNT Calendar Jobs at UNT Give to UNT                  Home FAQ Policy manual Resources Policy updates About the Policy Office            MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map UNT Calendar Jobs at UNT Give to UNT       Search form  Search    Search         Home FAQ Policy manual Resources Policy updates About the Policy Office              Welcome to UNT Policy Office! The official repository for the university policy manual, policy updates, and information about policy management process.                  Welcome to the University Policy Office (UPO). The University Policy Office, in collaboration with policy owners, develops, oversees and maintains the University\u2019s policy process; facilitates the development, review, approval, and maintenance of University-wide policies by partnering with policy owners to create, revise, and distribute University-wide policies; and acts as the official repository and point-of-contact regarding University-wide policies. Please familiarize yourself with the policies of the University of North Texas. The contact persons identified on the policy description page should be the first contact point for any questions you may have. For questions about the policy development and approval process, please contact the University Policy Office at (940) 565-4535. The official policies and procedures of the University of North Texas (UNT) are intended to provide general information.  UNT reserves the right to make changes at any time to reflect current board policies, administrative regulations and procedures and amendments required by state and federal law.  Information provided is subject to change without notice and does not constitute a contract between UNT and its faculty and staff.  About the policy office   Policy updates     March 07, 2017 Student Academic Integrity  Revision Revised to bring the policy in compliance with the 6 year review cycle, and to align with the policy content with the current policy template standards. The revisions include clarification of instructor and AIO responsibilities; addition of section on students, who do not have a current relationship with the university, being subjects to the disciplinary process for conduct that occurred while they had relationship with the university; addition of degree revocation; and clarification of the duration of each stage of the disciplinary process. Effective 03/07/2017.      March 07, 2017 Centers and Institutes   Revision Revised to align with new procedure for reviewing Centers and Institutes and assessment tracking per SACS recommendations. Effective 03/07/2017.      January 19, 2017 Use of Alcoholic Beverages   Revision Revised to allow the sale of alcohol in the Syndicate (in the University Union) and Faculty/Staff Club. Additionally,  revised to allow sales of alcohol in the Faculty/Staff Club at 4:00 pm. Effective  01/19/2017.       More updates     News     August 30, 2016   New Policy Numbering System Effective September 1, 2016   In order to streamline access to the UNT policies, University Policy Office has developed a new numbering system. This system mirrors the one currently used for the Regents Rules.       RSS Feed More news       Top                          Main Menu Home FAQ Policy manual Resources Policy updates About the Policy Office  University Links  MyUNT Blackboard EagleConnect UNT Directory UNT Map UNT Calendar Jobs at UNT Give to UNT  Email & Phone   policy@unt.edu  940-565-4535    University Policy Office    Find UNT on Google Maps   1155 Union Circle #311277           Denton, Texas 76203-5017   Visitor Information  Call us Email Us UNT Map               Apply now Schedule a tour Get more info   Disclaimer | AA/EOE/ADA | Privacy | Electronic Accessibility | Required Links | UNT Home ©2017 University of North Texas Required Links         
p2
t.