(S'http://www.cob.unt.edu/news/view.php?/2017/04/30/westheimer-new-venture-competition-awards-top-team-10-000'
p1
V    Westheimer New Venture Competition Awards Top Team $10,000 « College of Business « UNT                            College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard    UNT College of Business      Departments  Home  College  About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center   Academics  Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program  Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics   Future Students  Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information   Current Students  Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition   Events  Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast   CoB People  CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login     INVEST  How to Invest Give a Gift     In This Section...  Recent News   Real world experience, times two Texas ranch helping trauma survivors gets help from UNT class FEI job shadowing program gives students inside perspective Westheimer New Venture Competition Awards Top Team $10,000 Grant Thornton taps UNT doctoral student for first fellowship and $40,000 award International Conference on Entrepreneurship & Family Business 2018   College of Business News  Westheimer New Venture Competition Awards Top Team $10,000      Pictured from left: Monica Garcia, Jerome "Bruzzy" Westheimer, Natalie Boyd, Kyle McKay         In a room full of twelve DFW business leaders and venture capitalists, UNT students competed to win cash prizes of up to $10,000, thanks to UNT alum and competition founder, Jerome \u201cBruzzy\u201d Westheimer.    With only twelve finalist teams selected to compete in the final round, students aimed to convince a panel of judges that their business ideas were worth investing in, using only a PowerPoint presentation and 15 minutes of their time. Much like Shark Tank, judges brought heat to the situation by interjecting presentations with thought-provoking questions to keep contestants on their toes and thinking like an entrepreneur.    \u201cIt all seems unreal,\u201d said Natalie Boyd, who pitched the winning business idea and took home $10,000. Boyd, a College of Business senior majoring in real estate, was skeptical to submit her idea in the first round, but ultimately \u201cdecided to just go for it and see what happens.\u201d    Using the background knowledge she acquired through UNT, Boyd proposed a real estate investment idea that swayed the judges to vote her in as their top pick. \u201cIt's important to at least give things a shot and to believe in yourself, because anything is possible with hard work and dedication,\u201d Boyd asserted.    The competition brought forth a number of impressive proposals from across campus, making the judges\u2019 deliberation not only challenging, but also extensive. Other top winning teams included second-place Kyle McKay and third-place Monica Garcia.    First- second- and third-place teams took home $10,000, $5,000, and $1,000, respectively, with all remaining finalists taking home $100, each. Stoke Denton, an entrepreneurial coworking center in Denton, also provided the top three winning teams with 6-month memberships to help incubate their entrepreneurial ideas.    The College of Business looks forward to hosting the next exciting Westheimer New Venture Competition, and asks students to be thinking of their forward-thinking proposals for next year. The competition is open to all UNT students, both undergraduate and graduate. Event is in the month of April, 2017.       Physical Address:              University of North Texas             College of Business             1307 West Highland Street             Denton, Texas             76201 Contact the College of Business    Mailing Address:        University of North Texas       College of Business       1155 Union Circle #311160       Denton, TX        76203-5017 Contact the College of Business    This Website:              © 2017 UNT College of Business             For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.                    Disclaimer |            AA/EOE/ADA |            Privacy  |            Web Accessibility |            State of Texas Online |            Emergency Preparedness |            THECB Online Resume System      
p2
t.