(S'http://www.cob.unt.edu/news/view.php?/2017/02/16/unt-students-take-second-place-in-logistics-challenge'
p1
V    UNT students take second place in logistics challenge « College of Business « UNT                            College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard    UNT College of Business      Departments  Home  College  About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center   Academics  Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program  Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics   Future Students  Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information   Current Students  Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition   Events  Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast   CoB People  CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login     INVEST  How to Invest Give a Gift     In This Section...  Recent News   Real world experience, times two Texas ranch helping trauma survivors gets help from UNT class FEI job shadowing program gives students inside perspective Westheimer New Venture Competition Awards Top Team $10,000 Grant Thornton taps UNT doctoral student for first fellowship and $40,000 award International Conference on Entrepreneurship & Family Business 2018   College of Business News  UNT students take second place in logistics challenge           Four University of North Texas students took second place and beat more than a dozen collegiate teams in one of the most challenging logistics contests in the U.S. and Canada, Operation Stimulus: A  Student Case Competition.    \u201cWe fielded a terrific team this year and are extremely proud of their strong finish among 19 of the top logistics programs in North America,\u201d said Terrance Pohlen, associate dean for operations and research in the UNT College of Business. \u201cThis strong finish continues to demonstrate that the UNT logistics program ranks among the top of the very best programs.\u201d    Four UNT students were awarded: junior Ashleigh Allison, a biomedical engineering major; senior David Looney, an aviation logistics major; senior Sergio Garcia, a logistics and supply chain and marketing double major; and senior Hong Yun Yong, an aviation logistics and music double major. Additionally, two seniors also attended the case competition: Miranda Robertson, a logistics and supply chain major, and Luis Salazar, an operations and supply chain major. Julie Willems-Espinoza, associate director of the Center for Logistics Education and Research, advised the group.    Teams were tasked with helping a fictional blender manufacturer outsource the components for its newest model. Serving as consultants, students identified the countries from which materials would come from and determined how to transport those materials. The trick was to maintain product quality, while decreasing cost. The simple request was made difficult by the complexities, risks and variables surrounding international supply chain management. Students weighed their options by creating a detailed decision matrix.    \u201cWe identified the factors that were most important to us \u2013 cost, quality, economic stability and ease of transportation of various countries,\u201d said Looney, team leader. \u201cThen we calculated an optimal solution as well as best alternatives in the event of a contingency.\u201d    A team from Dalhousie University in Canada won first place in the competition, which was held in February and sponsored by the Denver Transportation Club.    UNT teams have consistently done well in this and other high-level logistics challenges. Their accolades include wins for past case competitions, including Operation Stimulus, the Intermodal Association of North America's annual Intermodal EXPO Academic Challenge and the Intermodal Association of North America \u2013 University of North Florida case competition.    \u201cOur students are performing at a consistently high level and across multiple competitions,\u201d added Pohlen. \u201cIn addition, the team is becoming more multi-disciplinary to enable more students to participate as well as to incorporate multiple perspectives and skill sets to address complex problems.\u201d  This item is tagged with: logistics Event is in the month of February, 2017.       Physical Address:              University of North Texas             College of Business             1307 West Highland Street             Denton, Texas             76201 Contact the College of Business    Mailing Address:        University of North Texas       College of Business       1155 Union Circle #311160       Denton, TX        76203-5017 Contact the College of Business    This Website:              © 2017 UNT College of Business             For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.                    Disclaimer |            AA/EOE/ADA |            Privacy  |            Web Accessibility |            State of Texas Online |            Emergency Preparedness |            THECB Online Resume System      
p2
t.