(S'http://cob.unt.edu/icefb/'
p1
V    International Conference on Entrepreneurship and Family Business « College of Business « UNT                             College of Business MyUNT Eagle Connect Blackboard    UNT College of Business      Departments  Home  College  About the College Business Leadership Building Office of the Dean Centers News Room Technology @ CoB Faculty Support Center   Academics  Academic Programs Undergraduate Degree Programs Master's Degree Programs Ph.D. Degree Program  Academic Departments Accounting Finance, Insurance, Real Estate & Law (FIREL) Information Technology & Decision Sciences (ITDS) Management Marketing & Logistics   Future Students  Why UNT College of Business? Hands on Experience The UNT Advantage Explore Degrees Paying for College Admissions Schedule a Tour Request More Information   Current Students  Advising Services Computer Labs Tutor Hours Available Software Career Center Scholarships Study Abroad Student Orgs Student Employment College of Business Student Ambassadors Professional Leadership Program Fidelity Investments Integrated Business Case Competition   Events  Upcoming Events Distinguished Speaker Series Eagle Business Network Breakfast   CoB People  CoB Alumni Associations Administration Directory Faculty Directory Staff Directory PhD Directory Faculty/Staff Login     INVEST  How to Invest Give a Gift       Home Tracks Schedule Sponsors Venue Call for Papers Contact Submission    ICEFB 2018 January 8-10, 2018 Mumbai, India  We are pleased to announce the first International Conference on Entrepreneurship & Family Business (ICEFB), sponsored by IIT-Bombay, Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management, and the University of North Texas, College of Business. We hope the participants at the conference will explore, expound on, and extend the rich heritage of research on entrepreneurship and family business. The conference will host a mix of academic professionals, institutional policy makers, business leaders and practitioners. We expect to witness vibrant scholarly sessions underscored by a profusion of thought-provoking ideas. Program Chairs Dr. Shivganesh Bhargava, Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay, India Dr. Manjula Salimath, University of North Texas, USA   Announcement and Call for PapersOctober 2016 Submission Deadline for AbstractsApril 15, 2017 (site is open) Submit Here or go to the Submissions Tab  We look forward to your submissions and seeing you in Mumbai!  Due to requests, submission deadline for abstracts is extended to April 15, 2017       Physical Address:              University of North Texas             College of Business             1307 West Highland Street             Denton, Texas             76201 Contact the College of Business    Mailing Address:        University of North Texas       College of Business       1155 Union Circle #311160       Denton, TX        76203-5017 Contact the College of Business    This Website:              © 2017 UNT College of Business             For issues or comments related to this website, please contact us.                    Disclaimer |            AA/EOE/ADA |            Privacy  |            Web Accessibility |            State of Texas Online |            Emergency Preparedness |            THECB Online Resume System      
p2
t.